Category: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):Selene’s upbringing was marked by trials and hardships, yet she possessed remarkable skills, even sparring with senior warriors in her pack at the tender age of eleven.
Her ultimate aspiration was to reach eighteen and escape the burdensome responsibilities within her pack, allowing her to marry and be united with her beloved. However, fate had different plans orchestrated by the Moon Goddess.
Initially, Selene and her family believed that Jackson was her destined mate. Yet, just before this magical day arrived, a significant predicament emerged: Selene found herself bonded to Alpha Alexander, whose father was allegedly murdered by her own kin. As their eyes met, it became evident that an unexpected connection was forming, surpassing Selene’s expectations.
Will their bond transcend their conflicting backgrounds and quell the animosity between their packs? Let us discover the answer below.

Chapter 1 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Selene had barely taken two steps out the door when she felt a sudden heat sweeping over her body. Her senses were on fire. There was no pain, only heightened awareness of everything around her.
Taste and smell fought for dominance in a struggle to savor the sweetest scent she had ever known.
An aroma that made her breathe deeply, desperately hoping to pull the sweetness into her lungs and hold it there forever. A flavor that made her mouth water, she bit her lower lip painfully. Distracting herself from the maddening desire for more.
The air around her brushed against her skin, warm and tenderly, as though a firm hand caressed her. Her body reacted to this ‘touch’ without her permission. She arched her back and let out a soft moan. Then, she caught herself against the wall as the sensation trembled through her body down to her toes, making her almost lose balance.


Her heart raced. It pounded so hard she felt as though it might escape her chest entirely. The sound got louder and more potent. But, no, it wasn’t coming from her. That sound, the heartbeat, came from the same direction as that powerful scent. Her body was moving before she could even register the thought of following it.
The closer she got, the louder the beats became. It should have hurt, driven her mad, but this heart, this beat, this was a melody that called to her. A lullaby that filled her with only a desire to find the owner.
Taste, smell, hearing, her senses were being assaulted in a way that made her blush. She found herself stopping several times, bracing herself against the wall as a wave of pleasure crashed over her again and again.
In the back of her mind, a small voice was screaming and shouting, trying to tell her something, remind her of something. However, she was too distracted by the scent, the flavor, and the sound of his rhythmic heartbeat. She could only think of them.
Her body wanted it, needed it.
Selene turned down yet another hallway she didn’t recognize. Again, her senses were leading her, but somehow, she knew her goal was on the other side of this door. So she didn’t hesitate to shove it open.
The music echoed off the walls, some kind of techno trash that only interfered with the melody of his heart.
The large room was dark, a black light dance, flashes of light highlighting random people, no one she wanted to see, no one she cared about.
Selene searched the crowd of faces desperately. He was here; she could feel him. Her chest heaved with force, practically panting now.
‘Where is he?’ she thought to herself
There was a flash of light and then another. Then, finally, her eyes landed on him, a feeling of recognition, an electrical burst of pleasure through her entire being.
And then confusion.
‘Why isn’t it black?’ she asked herself.
Another flash of light fell over him. Dark auburn hair, short, but just enough length to fall over one eye. His eyes met hers for a split second before she gasped. Selene stumbled back, desperate to escape the room.
Grey like the clouds before the harshest blizzard of the northern territories. There was only one wolf in the four packs with eyes as cold as these.


“No. No…. No!” she screamed as she pushed the doors open, roughly stumbling as they gave way. She barely caught herself from falling entirely to the ground. Quickly she gathered herself up and ran.
Selene ran hard and fast for as long as her lungs allowed. She fell heavily on the stone floor below her when she finally stopped, scraping both knees. The burning sensation brought a hiss from her throat. It was enough to let loose the hot tears that filled her eyes.
She lifted her pained eyes to the night sky, to the Blood Moon that shone brightly above her.
“What have you done?” she asked quietly, painfully, before loudly screaming. “What have you done to me!”
The moon, the recipient of her words, offered no reply in return.
***
Back in the dance hall, a man called out over the music, “He definitely came this way, but there are too many scents now. I can’t track him in here.”
“Then open your eyes, damn it!” another replied.
“There! I see him. He is over there!” a third called out, barely audible above the music.
The three young men ran towards the same goal, a tall man that stood in the center of the crowd. Though the bodies around him swayed and bounced to the beat of the music, he stood perfectly still.
Even in this dark room, he stood out. His auburn hair, a rare color among most wolves, was highlighted every time the light flashed in his direction. If that was not enough, his broad shoulders, the way his shirt clung tightly to his body. The power that simply emanated off of him.
He was one of a kind.
“Alpha!” called the third man. He was a large man with blonde hair, his full beard gave him the appearance of maturity, but he was young, both of age and heart.
The auburn man stared at the door, unmoving. He didn’t respond as they called to him, just continued to stare at the door.
“Alpha Alexander?” the blonde man called out as he got closer.
Alexander stirred. He turned his head to look at the blonde-haired man for a moment, his grey eyes focusing once more as though he had been caught in a trance.
“Galen?” he asked.
“Yes, Alpha,” Galen replied, reaching a hand to his shoulder. “Are you ok? You suddenly ran from the gateway with no explanation. We almost didn’t find you, and here of all places.”
Galen looked around, clearly concerned about why his Alpha would have come to a place he would usually stay far away from.
“I assume it was the midpoint between us,” Alexander replied more to himself than anyone else.
He stepped past Galen and looked up once more towards the door. He cocked his head to the side, staring at it as though he expected someone to walk through at any moment.
“Are you waiting for someone?” Galen asked, looking at the door as well.
“I think they have come and gone already,” he replied, his attention still focused almost entirely on the door.
“My Alpha, the other Alphas will be waiting. We already arrived later than we should have,” one of the other men commented.
Alexander nodded and motioned for the others to go ahead of him.
“Was it a meeting? I didn’t think you had anything arranged beyond the events you are required to attend,” Galen asked. Wondering if he had somehow forgotten something from Alexander’s schedule.
“A meeting?” Alexander thought about this for a moment, a slight grin forming on his lips. “Yes, you could say that.”
“Strange,” Galen commented, “I’m usually the one who schedules all your appointments, but I don’t remember anyone asking to meet….”
“Do you expect the Goddess to confirm her appointments with you?” Alexander laughed, “This meeting was scheduled long before either of us were ever born.”
Galen stopped in his tracks. He stared at his friend and leader in complete and utter shock.
“Your mate?” he asked. “You felt your mate? Here?”
He looked around as though he would somehow recognize the future Luna if he could just lay eyes on her.
“Yes.”
“Where is she?” Galen could not hide the excitement in his voice. This was a historic moment in his life. To meet the future Luna, to know there was one.
Dismay laced Alexander’s voice. “Come and gone.”
“What? But… why?” he could not hide his disappointment as his Alpha moved to follow their pack members out of the dance hall.
“I don’t know.”
Galen stared at Alexander’s retreating back. He had questions, concerns, comments. But in the end, he had only one clear thought, and it made him chuckle.
Alexander turned and looked at Galen curiously.
“She is definitely meant to be our Luna, then.” Galen laughed.
“What hidden meaning is there in your words?” Alexander asked.
“To think there is a woman out there who would actually run away from the glorious Alpha Alexander.” Galen smiled.
“She won’t get far,” Alexander replied with a tilt of his mouth and a sparkle in his eye that Galen recognized.
His Alpha had found a worthy hunt.









Chapter 2 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
[One Hour Earlier]
“I understand the importance of the Blood Moon Gathering, I do. I really, truly do. But let’s be honest. Over the years, it has become less of a significant cultural event and more of a… speed dating event.”
The man sitting across the table coughed, choking on the wine that had barely passed his lips. Finally, he cleared his throat and leaned forward.
His large frame made the table appear to be made for a child. The grey bushes that made up his brow furrowed together, expressing his irritation at the comment she had made.


“Selene,” his gruff voice came out as his amber eyes darkened.
“Father, listen, I said that I understand the importance. Me. But the others do not,” she said firmly.
He cleared his throat and leaned back in his chair once more. The corner of the room they sat in was dark.
Still, the small light that flowed down from the window highlighted his tightly woven braids of grey and white. Sitting atop his head like a plaited crown, serving to emphasize his role as the leader of his people. He crossed his thick arms over his chest, lifting his chin towards her.
“Selene—”
“All I’m saying,” Selene began, licking her lips nervously. Standing from the table, she paced back and forth as she spoke. “Is that while the basis for this event is an important moment in our history, the event itself has become more about trying to find a mate. And since I already—”
“Selene!” he shouted angrily, slamming his hands down on the table, causing a splintering in the wood.
Selene stopped her movements and stared back at him carefully.
“Sit. Down.”
“Yes, Father,” she whispered as she moved to her seat once more. She glanced around at the other tables in the room, making sure no one had noticed the outburst.
‘Definitely noticed,’ she thought to herself, observing the eyes that desperately avoided her gaze. As they all tried to pretend they hadn’t.
‘Good plan,’ she sighed internally.
“You are the daughter of Alpha Wyatt of the Winter Pack,” he stated firmly.
“Yes, Father,” she repeated her reply.
“You have to represent our pack in all things. Both as a member of the Cold Warriors and as my daughter.”


“I know.”
“If you knew, then you wouldn’t have made such a ridiculous request!” he growled.
Selene flinched.
Her father was an alpha, no, the Alpha. His presence alone made her bow her head.
She was no pup, not yet eighteen, but her skills were well advanced for her years. She had gone through her shift at only eight years old.
Survived the trial and had raced ahead of those who trained with her. When she was eleven, she could already spar with the senior members of the Cold Warriors without any hesitation.
Yet here she sat, shrinking away like a child as her daddy yelled at her.
“Besides,” he said, catching her eye, “there is no point in your request.”
He sat forward in his chair once more, putting an elbow on the table and leaning his mouth against his fist as though he were thinking, but never losing her eye contact. Her brows knit together in confusion as she saw what looked like playfulness dance across his eyes.
“I have already heard and rejected Jackson’s request to be excused.”
The warmth crept up her spine and spread across her face. She looked away just as her father let out a deep-throated laugh.
“No need to be embarrassed, my girl. I understand.”
With her cheeks still burning, she felt there was nothing to lose in a shameless request now.
“If you understand, then why not—”
“No,” he stated firmly.
She leaned back in her chair and crossed her arms, looking away from him.
“Selene, I recognize the desire in your heart. I know the pull of a mate. I understand the thrill of young love. But you are not yet eighteen.”
“Almost,” she whispered.
“But not yet!” he growled. “You know the traditions and laws of our pack more than anyone. After your eighteenth birthday, you will be married and mated at the full moon. Not before.”
“I know,” she sighed, “it’s not like we were planning to run away. We just wanted to spend some time together.”
“It’s too great a risk. The mate pull is strong, especially during the Blood Moon. We would not want to allow for any mistakes to be made.”
A darkness fell over his eyes as he finished his statement. Selene understood what he meant. Being mated before the first full moon of her eighteenth year within the Winter Pack was a severe offense. It could be seen as a direct insult to the Goddess.
“But Father!” she shouted indignantly, pushing herself up from the table to look down at him, not caring at all if anyone saw or heard her.
His only response was to growl at her. She sat back down and looked away.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered.
“Selene, I am the Alpha of this pack before I am your father. As your Alpha, I am reminding you once more that it is your duty that comes before your heart.” His stern tone was emphasized by his Alpha presence.
“Yes, my Alpha,” she replied, bowing her head.
“As such, you will remain for the rest of the Blood Moon Gathering and give offerings to our Goddess.”
Selene repeated, looking even more sullen this time, “Yes, Alpha.”
“And as your father, I am reminding you not to be in such a rush to grow up.”
Selene looked up at her father once more. She expected to see his stern face, the severe Alpha he was. But, she saw the kindness in his eyes that he rarely showed. Instead, his expression was soft and warm.
She tilted her head to him, not sure what to expect. Her father reached a hand to her, and she took it. He rubbed his thumb across the back of her hand as he spoke.
“Selene, you will be married and mated soon enough, and though you only think of being with the one you love, you must remember that a wolf is only mated once. This is for the rest of your life. So as much as you love the boy and as much as I welcome him, as your father, I would be foolish not to remind you to be sure of your decision.”
“What?” she asked, genuinely confused by his words. “But he is my mate.”
“That may be, but there is no rush.” Alpha Wyatt frowned. “To be honest, it’s quite strange that you found your mate so early.”
“I don’t understand.” Selene frowned. “What are you saying?”
A genuine concern began to settle into her heart, a panic she didn’t recognize rising deep within her.
“It’s nothing, my girl. Just think of it as your father being unwilling to see his little girl grow up.”
“But—”
“Selene,” Alpha Wyatt sighed, “the Blood Moon Gathering is a sacred time. It is when we honor our Goddess and receive her blessing. As such, you and Jackson should be happy to be here. The Goddess is the one who gives us our mate bond. Wouldn’t it be best to receive her blessing at this sacred event with your wedding approaching? Won’t this only serve to strengthen the bond you share?”
Selene felt a calm reconciling over her panic. Her heart settled.
“That is true. I hadn’t thought of that.” She smiled.
Alpha Wyatt chuckled and stood from his place at the table. Still holding her hand, he pulled her up, bringing her crashing against his enormous chest hugging her close. She wasn’t small in any way. On the contrary, she had developed a solid and formidable body from her years of training with the Cold Warriors. Nevertheless, when held against her father like this, she always felt like a frail child by comparison.
After a moment of shared comfort, her father let go and placed his hands on her shoulder, catching her eye once more.
“Now, I must see to a dance with your mother before my official duties with the other Alphas begin.” He smiled at her warmly.
“Ah yes. The other Alphas,” Selene sighed.
“Selene…”
Immediately, Selene raised her hands in defense. “I didn’t say anything.”
“As it should be,” he commented with a raised eyebrow.
“All I’m not saying is that Alpha Alexander better watch himself.”
“Leave it,” her father warned.
“At this moment, I am your daughter, and you, my father. So, I don’t have to like anyone that treats my father with disrespect,” she huffed.
“Well, my daughter, if something terrible happened to this father of yours and you suspected another alpha. Would you be able to treat them with respect?” he asked, his eyebrow cocked in question.
Selene had no response to this. She only sighed. He let out a soft chuckle and hugged her shoulders.
“Why don’t you go make an offering to the Goddess.”
Selene looked up at him once more, she had come here hoping to convince her father to let her leave so that she might take an intimate evening with her mate, but he was right. The Goddess was the one who had given her Jackson. She was ashamed of herself for even considering leaving tonight.
“I will.” Selene smiled at her father. “Now go find my mother.”
Alpha Wyatt needed no other prodding. He gave his daughter a grateful squeeze of the shoulder and left to find his mate.. Selene smiled to herself, hoping that one day she and her mate would share even a fraction of the happiness her parents did.









Chapter 3 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
[Present]
Selene didn’t know how long she had laid there crying or how long she simply stared up at the sky. She suspected it had been more than an hour, closer to two.
The fireworks began, signaling that the Alphas had just finished the opening ceremonies to the Goddess in hopes of receiving her blessing for the year.
“Blessings,” she scoffed to herself bitterly.


Even now, the ‘blessing’ she had received was threatening her sanity. Her senses were still reaching out for him. The scent was faint; his heartbeat faded to a whisper in her mind.
After she had given in to her need to simply lay still and cry, the pull of the mate bond had waned to a bearable level. She assumed Alpha Alexander was likely too busy with his duties to search for her.
‘Your duty comes before your heart,’ her father’s words echoed in her mind, and she couldn’t help but notice the disappointment she felt in them.
‘No,’ she thought to herself firmly. ‘It’s a good thing. The busier, the better.’
Of course, the fireworks meant that this would not be the case for much longer. Alpha Wyatt had told her several events required all of the Alphas to honor the Blood Moon. But she suspected Alpha Alexander was not opposed to hunting his prey between those events.
She wondered how long she could avoid him.
Selene’s presence, or lack thereof, would not go unnoticed at each of the offerings. She had already missed the opening ceremony. And her father had made it clear that she was expected to be at every event.
‘Would father let me leave if I told him the truth?’ she wondered. It seemed like a reasonable plan until a pair of pale blue eyes entered her memory, a kind smile. ‘If I tell father, I will have to tell Jackson….’
Her heart ached at the thought of telling him. The hurt he would feel, would he blame her?
‘No, no… I can’t tell anyone. Not until I understand what is going on. I can’t have two mates. That’s impossible!’ she thought angrily.
“Right!?” Selene shouted as she got to her feet. She stared up at the sky with resentment filling her heart.
“One mate, one!”
The moon may have left, but the Goddess would still hear her.
“That’s the deal, the promise, isn’t it? The blessing you bestowed on us all? One perfect mate bonded for life.”
The tears she thought had run dry came once more.


“I love Jackson!” she cried out. “He is my mate. Only him.”
As if the Goddess herself was responding to her ungrateful tone, a wave of warmth spread over her body.
She gasped at the onset and took a deep breath, calming herself, attempting to tame the primal parts of her mind that threatened her control. As that enthralling scent provoked her senses once more.
“Damn it!” she shouted in frustration.
He was coming to her. She could feel it. Selene considered shifting, she could run faster in her wolf form, but the question was whether she would run away or towards the danger. It was best to avoid the risk.
From what she could remember of the schedule, it wouldn’t be too much longer before another of the events started. The Alphas had several tasks they were committed to that evening, as well as a meeting in the morning.
“So, all I have to do is skip every event I promised father I would attend. Then win a twelve-hour game of hide and seek with an Alpha,” she whispered to herself with a defeated chuckle. “Oh, and he’s got a built-in homing device on me. Great.”
“Selene?” a familiar voice called to her.
Selene turned around to see a Viking beauty before her. Blonde hair bound in a high crown built of folded braids and knots. A lilac gown with a brown corset belt. A pair of emerald eyes that sparkled brightly no matter the time of day or night.
It was difficult not to find Luna Corrine beautiful.
“Mother,” Selene replied softly.
“Selene, what are you doing here? We’ve been looking for you for hours! You missed the opening ceremony, and believe me, your father noticed. Come on.”
Her mother linked their arms and pushed her daughter forward, not allowing her any room to object. She chastised her for running off the entire walk back to the party. As they made their way, Selene’s mind was occupied looking at every person they passed, checking for those cold eyes.
So distracted in looking for him, she didn’t notice that her symptoms had already subsided. Not until her search was interrupted by something more recognizable.
Selene felt his gaze on her, the familiar pull of their bond. Closing her eyes instinctually, she let it roll over her. The comforting warmth and tenderness, as though he stood behind her, wrapping her in his gentle embrace.
She opened her eyes and looked at him over the crowd. All around them were pack members from all over the world, a sea of people she didn’t know, and her eyes were drawn only to him.
His black hair had always stood out against the white snow that covered their lands back home. He wore it long, just past his chin. Most of the men in the Winter Pack wore their hair long, but unlike the others, he didn’t keep his hair fashioned in braids or knots like the Vikings their lands had once belonged to. Instead, he allowed it to flow freely in the cold wind, loose and inviting. She longed to run her fingers through his smooth hair.
Their eyes met, sending a fluttering into her belly and a thundering into her heart. Even at this distance, she knew that those pale blue eyes were filled with a swirling blend of adoration and need. Because her own eyes could only reflect the same feelings.
Jackson lifted his mouth in a half-smile. His lips formed the words she heard as a whisper carried on the wind.
‘I love you.’
Her heart ached. Any other day, any other time, she would have felt the joy in her soul that only he could give her. She would have returned his words of love without a second thought. But now, she felt as though she had betrayed him.
It didn’t matter that she loved him. It didn’t matter that she never wanted to meet Alpha Alexander, much less be his mate. It didn’t change the fact that it was true.
She was saved at this moment by the man that stood beside him, leading his attention elsewhere. Selene took the opportunity to look away from him, not wanting to risk seeing those loving and trusting eyes again.
“It won’t be long now, my darling.”
“What?” Selene turned to face her mother.
“Your wedding, dear. I know how hard it is to be patient after you have found your mate,” Corrine smiled warmly, “but it won’t be long now. Just a couple of weeks.”
A weight settled into Selene’s chest and pressed down into her stomach. Guilt and fear crept over her mind.
“Actually,” she swallowed nervously, “I was thinking that it might be best to move the wedding to the next moon.”
Corrine was taken by surprise and unable to mask the shock.
“Selene, has something happened between you and Jackson? Did he do something? Selene did that boy try to force——”
“Mother, no!” Selene shouted, “No! Never. Jackson is amazing. He is kind and wonderful and more than I deserve.”
“Well, then I don’t understand. You were so excited just a few days ago, so what changed?” Corrine sighed.
“Nothing, nothing has changed,” she replied, “I’m not saying I don’t want to marry him, only that we should wait a little longer.”
“But why Selene? You can’t just say you want to push the wedding back out of nowhere without reason.”
Her mother was sharp and unrelenting. Without a satisfactory answer, she would never drop the subject.
“When I spoke with Father earlier, he told me not to rush myself, and I wonder if he might have a point.”
Corrine did not believe her. Selene and Jackson had known for two years that they were mates. They had been waiting eagerly for this day to come. She would not have changed her mind based on one conversation with her father.
“Selene, tell me the truth,” Corrine demanded.
“I am!” Selene replied quickly, “No, listen, Mother, I just mean the wedding. My birthday is in two weeks, and we are already having a big celebration, the full moon is only a week later. Honestly, I have been so busy planning the birthday party that I haven’t spent much time on the wedding.”
That was a lie. Selene had dreamed of the day she and Jackson would be mated for two years. She knew every detail of the day. But luckily, she truly had been busy with her party and hadn’t had the chance to share those details with her mother.
“I just feel like our wedding would be rushed if we have it so close to my birthday party. So, if we push it back just one more month, it will give us time to put together the wedding we want without rushing. That’s all.”
Corrine looked carefully at her daughter. Then, she smiled and reached a hand to Selene’s cheek after a moment.
“As long as you are happy, my love. But just remember, you and Jackson will need to continue to be patient until then.”
“Mom!” Selene cried out with embarrassment.
The mother and daughter pair laughed together in a way that made Selene forget for just a moment about the terrible situation she was currently experiencing. Just for a moment.
And after, that peace was ruined.
The feeling on her skin came first, like a hot breath against her throat. Then, the mesmerizing fragrance entered her lungs, filling her with the desire she tried so hard to fight. It took all her self-control to hold back her natural reaction to the sudden stimuli.
Excusing herself quickly, she ran down one hallway and then another. She didn’t pay attention. Her concern was not letting her mother see her reaction, not wanting Jackson to see it. But, unfortunately, it was too late when she realized that instinct had led her, and instinct had betrayed her.
“It seems that hide and seek is not your best game.”









Chapter 4 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
[Twenty Minutes Earlier]
The heat that prickled at the top of his skin was a distraction, to say the least. Alexander was barely able to keep focused as the others spoke. If he had any other role to play, it would have caused a problem for him. Luckily it wasn’t his first time. Before his father’s death, he had trained Alexander to play his part in the offering ceremonies.
The trouble was the siren’s call of her heartbeat, the fragrance in the air that made his mouth dry. And the hot prickling on his skin caused him to grit his teeth just to maintain composure.
‘Why did she leave?’ he wondered.


She was at the dance hall, of that he had no doubt. There had been a lightning bolt of desire, possession, and need that had come over him suddenly. That was when he knew she had found him. But, unfortunately for him, he had not seen her.
‘Why did she leave?’ The question repeated in his mind, burning brighter this time.
The explosion of fireworks brought his focus back to the present. He stood alongside the other Alphas, wishing each pack a year of blessings and luck. He repeated the words he had said many times before and waved.
Alexander caught sight of his Beta and best friend, Galen. The man seemed just as determined to find their Luna as Alexander was, perhaps even more. He couldn’t help but snicker. Galen searched the audience, hoping to spot a woman he had never seen before.
But Alexander already knew that his Luna was not among these strangers. She had run away. He felt the distance between them, and he didn’t like it.
The ceremony was over, it was time to hunt, but first, he needed a way to escape these people that insisted on chatting with him.
“Alpha Alexander, I am quite pleased to have this moment to speak with you.” A short man with curly brown hair and a wide grin approached him.
“Oh?” was Alexander’s restrained reply.
However, hiding the unimpressed expression on his face was an effort he could not convince himself was worth it.
“Yes, I wanted to offer you my compliments on the way you have handled yourself this evening,” the short man replied, still smiling.
“In what way have I ‘handled myself’ that would earn your compliments?” Alexander asked, bored.
“I am sorry if I have offended you. I only meant to say that you are being very composed and generous.”
“To be offended, I would first need to give a damn about you.” Alexander’s voice remained still. Not even his impatience was audible. “Please get to your point or get out of my way.”
The corner of the man’s mouth twitched before turning into a wide smile. But Alexander saw it. This man hated him.
“The Winter Pack, sir, I only meant to compliment you on the friendly way you have behaved with them. It seems you have gotten past your misunderstandings.”


Kind words were often spoken with a venomous tongue.
Alexander’s impatience met with his long-standing grudge, and a growl grew low in his belly. The short, smiling idiot that stood before him suddenly recognized the danger.
“Alpha Alexander!” Galen shouted, drawing Alexander’s attention. “It’s time we move on.”
Alexander nodded and made his way towards Galen. He stopped and looked back at the short man once more.
“We will finish this conversation. Soon.”
The short man was not quick enough to hide the fear from showing on his face.
“His name is—” Galen began to whisper as they walked away.
“No,” Alexander interrupted. “When I need to know his name, I will. But, for now, there is only one identity I need revealed.”
He directed Galen to take his place at the next event. It was only a reenactment of the Goddess blessing the wolves; there was no real need for him to be there. More importantly, he didn’t like feeling distracted. It was time to catch his prey.
He followed his senses, allowing them to fill him with that primal need. He felt himself getting closer and closer, inhaling deeply as her scent aroused the wolf within him.
“Damn it!”
Her voice sent a shuddering through his body that made him groan out loud. He braced himself against the wall to keep him steady. Then, he took a step forward, peering around the corner.
Her sandy blonde hair was pulled back. The strands that framed her face, having already escaped the prison of her loose braid. Alexander wondered if it was soft or coarse to the touch. He ached to reach out and see for himself.
Alexander’s eyes roamed over the rest of her body. She wasn’t tall, but he guessed she could meet his eyes on her toes. She wore a thin dress, green like the leaves of the trees. Her dress was long and flowing, but he could tell that she was a warrior even wearing this.
She had the curves that guided his eye to all the right places but the solid strength of one who placed effort into their training. Preparing for the fight that was always coming. Alexander found himself even more attracted to her at the thought of watching her use that training.
“So, all I have to do is skip every event I promised father I would attend. Then win a twelve-hour game of hide and seek with an Alpha,”
‘She’s funny,’ he thought to himself with a grin.
“Oh, and he’s got a built-in homing device on me. Great.”
‘Ha,’ he laughed to himself, watching her frustration. ‘So you really are hiding from me.’
“Selene?” another voice called out.
Alexander moved back into the hallway.
‘Selene… So that’s your name,’ he smiled to himself. ‘Alright, Selene, we can play your game. I’ll even give you a head start.’
[Present]
“It seems that hide and seek is not your best game.” Alexander grinned, letting out a soft chuckle.
He had caught up to her, and she had lost the game.
The vibration from his laugh was fuel to the fire that was growing within, threatening to consume her. He started towards her, his movements slow and predatory. Selene’s body reacted to his closeness, forcing a sharp intake of breath.
She couldn’t move, or more accurately, her body had rejected the idea of moving in any direction that didn’t lead her directly to him.
“Fascinating,” he said, circling her. “You definitely feel it. You know I’m your mate. But you seem to be fighting it. Aggressively.”
Selene swallowed hard; she didn’t trust her voice. Her body was no longer hers. Every inch of her called to him, craved him. Every part except her mind.
“Why?” he whispered against her neck.
A sound she had never heard herself make before escaped her lips, a soft whimper.
Alexander smiled down at her. He was so close she could feel the heat coming off his body; still, he did not touch her.
“Tell me,” he growled painfully.
Selene looked up at him, their eyes meeting for the first time.
She expected to see the same coldness she had seen before. After all, Alpha Alexander was known for it. Everything she knew about him revolved around that barrier of ice he used as a weapon against the rest of the world. She had seen it, hadn’t she?
But those grey eyes held nothing but warmth, the kind that came from home, the reassurance of a place she belonged.
“Selene,” he whispered.
His voice rolled over her in a wave, knocking her back against her will.
Selene looked away from his eyes and found her back pressed to the wall. He hovered only centimeters from her. Their mouths almost touching, her hand resting on his cheek.
She didn’t remember touching him.
“Tell me your reason,” he spoke between raspy breaths. “Why did you run from me?”
“I…”
She couldn’t focus. Alexander’s mouth was so close that painful distance would be closed if she only moved to her toes.
“Selene, please,” Alexander called to her, “you must have had a reason. I am doing my best to hold back. Tell me.”
His lips, her mind was filled with a desire to touch those lips. She felt herself moving toward him, and then she felt a tear roll down her cheek.
The pull of their bond waned long enough for Selene to feel something else, someone else.
“I…” she struggled to speak. Then, closing her eyes, she pulled forth all her strength, all her will, and pushed Alexander away from her.
Alexander stumbled but caught himself before falling to the ground. He looked back at Selene; tears streamed down her face. He saw the pain in her eyes, and it gave him pause.
Selene took deep breaths fighting with all she had to push away the instinct of her bond to him, to regain her own mind.
“I have already found my mate!” she finally managed to say.
“What?” he replied, unable to hide the anger he felt rising.
Selene held herself up straighter than she had been able to before this moment. She took another deep breath and thought of Jackson.
“I already have a mate,” she stated.
Alexander growled and moved to her with a speed she had not expected. He pushed her against the wall once more and nuzzled against her throat, breathing her in.
“I am your mate!” he growled into her throat.
Selene felt the swelling ache deep within her, the need and desire for him. Once again, she closed her eyes, pulling on every thread of willpower to push him away. But this time, he held firm. Alexander didn’t touch her, only burrowed his nose into her throat, taking in her scent.
“You can’t be,” she whispered.
“Why?” he asked, not moving.
She swallowed as the fog of their bond once more began to cloud her mind. She could feel her hands trying to move on their own, trying to embrace him.
“My father is Alpha Wyatt of the Winter Pack!” she screamed.
He froze.
‘Alpha Wyatt… of Winter…’ Alexander repeated the words in his mind.
A familiar feeling was rising within him. His hands dropped back down to his side as he took a step back away from Selene.
“Go,” he whispered.
Selene stared at him, tears flowing. She couldn’t move.
“Go!” he snarled. His voice was deeper, thicker, wilder than it should have been.
Selene pushed past him and ran.. The last thing she heard was the echo of his bones breaking as he shifted into his wolf.









Chapter 5 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Selene stayed in her room the rest of the night. Her experience with Alexander had exhausted her both emotionally and physically. It didn’t take much effort to convince Corrine that she wasn’t feeling well. Even her father had forgiven her absence when he saw the state of her.
“Just a few more hours,” she whispered to herself as she washed the sleep from her eyes. “A few more hours and then….”
Selene lifted her head and faced herself in the mirror.
‘Then what?’ she wondered to herself. ‘Going home doesn’t change anything.’


There was a knock at the bathroom door.
“Selene? Are you feeling better, my darling?” Corrine called to her.
“I’ll be right out, Mother.”
“Alright, but hurry up. I have a surprise for you,” Corrine’s voice was bursting with excitement
Selene sighed and let her head hang for a moment before stepping back and opening the door.
She was surprised to find her mother holding something out in front of her. A long green stalk that curved with white bell-shaped flowers.
Selene gasped.
“Lilies of the Valley,” she whispered as understanding dawned on her.
“Yes, darling.” Corrine smiled. “These are the flowers that every wolf bride is blessed with. I thought it would be nice to share this moment and receive a blessing from the Goddess for your wedding.”
This was a moment she had dreamt of for two years, her marriage to Jackson blessed by the Goddess.
Only now, everything was different.
“I don’t know if that’s a great idea, Mom,” Selene replied, trying her best to ignore the sick feeling in her stomach.
“Why not?” Corrine asked. Her tone made it clear there was little room for argument.
“It just seems a bit unnecessary. The wedding isn’t for another two moons. We should wait and make an offering when it’s closer.”
“Nonsense, this is the Blood Moon, darling, this is when the Goddess gives her most potent blessings, it would be strange if we didn’t do it now.”


Her mother moved toward her, and Selene found herself backing away. Her heart was beating in her ears, and the room was beginning to grow darker.
She gasped as two strong hands caught her shoulders as she began to fall. She looked up sluggishly to see who it was. The sight that met her only added to the throbbing of her head.
He smiled at her; it was beautiful.
“I’m sorry,” she whispered as her consciousness slipped away.
***
Selene woke in her bed once more. The moment she opened her eyes and sat up, her head started to spin.
“Whoa,” Jackson called out as he entered the room and sat beside her on the bed. “Easy now.”
He rubbed her back tenderly. “You know I’m a big fan of your dramatic flair, but one faint is enough for today, don’t you think?”
He smiled at her; Selene reached a hand to his cheek tenderly. He was the comfort and warmth she needed.
Guilt became a familiar friend as a flash of grey eyes, and the heat of his skin against her hand played in her memory. She pulled her hand away from Jackson.
“Selene, what’s wrong?” he asked, taking her hand in his.
She shook her head and turned away.
He sighed and moved closer to her, wrapping his arms around her until she couldn’t help but lean into him.
“Luna Corrine told me you moved the wedding date.” He spoke softly.
She pulled away once more, not looking at him as she tried to tell the same story she had given her mother.
“Yea, I just didn’t really think I would have the time to properly plan out the wedding, I’ve got the birthday party coming, and it’s so soon after.”
“Yes, that’s what she told me,” he replied, reaching his hand to her chin and softly encouraging her to look up until their eyes met, “I was hoping you would tell me the truth.”
Honesty, sincerity, devotion, and love. Those were things she felt with him. When his pale blue eyes looked at her, she knew that all his attention and love was hers. He was hers. Her eyes filled with tears, and she sobbed.
“I am so sorry, Jackson.”
He held her in his arms as she cried. He asked her nothing and said nothing beyond words of comfort and encouragement until she had calmed down. Then, he wiped away her tears and looked her in the eye.
“You can tell me anything, Selene. Always.” He ran a hand affectionately against her cheek. “Let me share your worries. Tell me what happened.”
Selene hesitated, but she couldn’t hold back anymore, looking into his eyes. She told him everything that had happened to her since they arrived. Jackson listened quietly as Selene shared the broader details of her encounters with Alexander. There was no need for further detail about all that she had felt through the process.
He pulled away from her, walking across the room. The distance between them felt as though they were miles apart.
“Do you love him?” he asked her quietly.
“No!” she cried out immediately. “Jackson, I only met him yesterday. I don’t want any of this, I swear!”
He didn’t look back. Instead, he stared out the window with his back facing her.
“But you felt him. You felt the mate bond with him.” His voice was laced with pain and confusion.
Selene hesitated to answer.
“Yes,” she whispered with renewed tears.
His shoulders sagged forward.
“How is that possible?” he asked out loud.
Selene covered the sob that tried to escape her lips. He was crying, she could hear it in his voice, and it broke her heart.
“I don’t know,” she replied. She broke down once more, the tears falling in a flood of guilt and shame. Hugging her knees to her chest, she tried to silence the cries that escaped her throat.
His warmth surprised her. She hadn’t noticed when he had climbed onto the bed, only when his arms wrapped around her.
Selene lifted her eyes to meet his. She still saw the love and devotion she had known the past two years, even though his pain was evident.
He lifted the corners of his mouth in a sad smile.
“Do you love me?” he asked with tear-filled eyes.
She let out a soft cry.
“Yes,” she whispered, bringing her hands to the sides of his face. “Only you. I love only you.”
He smiled again, and a tear rolled down his cheek.
“That’s all that matters,” he whispered back, his voice trembling from the strain of his unshed tears. “We love each other. You are my mate, and I am yours. Everything else… we’ll figure it out.”
He leaned in, kissing her gently. She returned his kiss, and they held each other silently.
They remained in her room, holding each other and talking for most of the rest of the day. Then, finally, they agreed that everything should be kept between them, at least until they had a chance to understand what exactly was happening. It wasn’t until Corrine told them they were required to attend the closing celebrations that they finally rejoined the rest of the world.
“Two hours of mingling and goodbyes,” Jackson grinned at her, “that’s all we have to get through. Then, after that, home, and everything goes back to normal.”
Selene smiled for him and even mustered up a small laugh, but she couldn’t help but wonder, ‘will it really be that easy?’
Jackson stayed by her side, holding her hand everywhere they went. Having him near kept her calm and gave her the comfort she needed. But at the edge of her senses, she always felt something pulling at her. A soft thumping of Alexander’s heart or a hint of that delicious aroma in the air.
She smiled and talked with those in front of her. She laughed at the jokes they shared, but the whole time she felt him. More than once, she caught herself wondering where he was. But then, Jackson was abruptly pulled away by her father. Selene found herself alone, fighting against the pull of her bonds to Alexander.
She looked up, and their eyes locked almost instantaneously.
Selene closed her eyes, breathing deeply to calm herself down. Then, she looked up and found him engrossed in conversation with members of his pack, utterly unaware of her eyes following him.
“Are you ok, my dear?” Corrine asked, reaching a hand to Selene’s shoulder.
Selene smiled at her mother and nodded.
“Yea, I don’t know. I just haven’t felt like myself the past few days.”
“You must have caught something nasty here,” Corrine replied, pressing the back of her hand to Selene’s forehead, checking for fever.
“I definitely caught something,” Selene replied quietly, glancing once more in Alexander’s direction, only he wasn’t there anymore.
Before long, Jackson had returned to her side, and they were finally leaving. Selene was surprised to find herself feeling almost entirely at ease. She gazed up at Jackson warmly. He caught her eye and smiled back before making silly faces to make her laugh.
Their eyes were on each other. They weren’t paying attention to where they were walking or whose back they were walking into.
“Oh, I’m so sorry—” Selene’s voice caught in her throat as grey eyes came into focus.
Alexander looked down at her, his gaze drawn to the arm draped across her shoulders, joining her to Jackson. The coldness she had expected from him manifested almost instantly. Jackson pulled her closer against his chest.
“Excuse us, Alpha Alexander, we weren’t paying enough attention.” His words were humble and respectful, yet his tone implied something else entirely. Something that drew the awareness of the blonde man that stood beside Alexander, and not in a good way.
Alexander raised a hand to stop the blonde man’s advance.
Selene instinctively moved to pull Jackson away.
The action immediately drew Alexander’s attention back to her, and his jaw clenched.. He looked her up and down with what she could only describe as disgust before he turned and walked away without a word.









Chapter 6 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
It had been three days since they returned from the Blood Moon Gathering. In those three days, Selene had returned to her everyday life. She trained with the Cold Warriors and held council on her father’s patrol schedules and border reports. In addition, she had private time with Jackson whenever she could.
But her life had not returned to normal as she had hoped. Her distance from Alexander tempered the feelings of desire, but it did nothing to keep him out of her mind. Of course, it wasn’t all-consuming or even consistent, but at some point in every day, those grey eyes would find a way into her thoughts.
Even now, as she sat with her friends filling out the final invitations for her eighteenth birthday, her mind drifted. Wondering about what he was doing or what he might be thinking about.
“Selene, did you hear me?” a voice called, drawing her back from her thoughts.


“What? Sorry,” she began, “I was thinking of the patrol rotation.”
It wasn’t an outright lie. Selene had been wondering if Alexander oversaw his patrol routes the same way her father did or if he went on patrol himself.
“Patrol rotation? Seriously?” another asked.
Selene glanced at her friend, Renee, catching her lavender eyes. Her hair was parted by three small braids of red separating the half that folded to the left, falling just above her shoulders, and the right side that was completely shaved down.
“Oh, come on, Renee, you know Selene gets serious about her duties as a Warrior,” called back the one that had spoken first. A long-haired brunette with hazel eyes that sparkled with friendly sarcasm.
“And why does that still feel like an insult coming from you, Bell?” Selene asked with a smile she couldn’t hide.
They all laughed together, and Renee and Bell continued to make jokes at Selene’s expense as she watched them with a smile.
These were her two closest friends in the world.
Renee was a couple years older, but they had grown up together, children of the same shifting group. They both had struggled to reign in their strong personalities when following orders. However, Selene had managed a little better than Renee.
Bell, or Annabelle, was a late addition to their friendship circle. Her mother was a member of Autumn; her parents had met at the Blood Moon Gathering and recognized their bond right away. So her father applied for permission to join Autumn, and there they lived until Bell was fifteen.
Unfortunately, both her parents had been killed in an attack by rogue wolves.
A year after their deaths, Bell chose to come live with her father’s parents and become an official member of Winter. Though she struggled with her new Pack’s harsh rules and restrictions, she still claimed she wouldn’t wish to be anywhere else.
Of all the people in her life, Selene felt most at ease with these two, yet here she sat lying to them.
“What’s wrong, Ash?” Renee asked, reaching a hand to touch Selene’s knee.
Selene shook her head and smiled.


“Nothing, I just have too many things on my mind, that’s all.”
“Liar,” said Bell, taking a bite out of an apple.
“We know something is going on, and we know it has something to do with Jackson.” Renee dared Selene to deny it.
“What do you mean?” she replied, looking away.
“Come on now, don’t play dumb. Tell us what’s going on,” Renee urged.
“We already know you pushed back the wedding, Ash. Just tell us what happened,” Bell stated. She held Selene’s eye contact to let her know she was honestly concerned.
Selene took a deep breath.
“Look, I just have so much going on, I mean with the birthday party and—” Selene began.
“Eeehhhh! Wrong!” Bell called out, making a buzzer sound as though Selene were a contestant on a game show. “The ‘I’m too busy to plan my wedding’ excuse won’t work on us; we’ve seen the binder.”
Renee nodded in agreement.
“I forgot about the binder.” Selene sighed out loud as she sunk in her chair. Thinking back to the binder she had hidden under her bed, she had spent the better part of two years filling it with ideas and hopes for her dream wedding to Jackson.
Renee and Bell moved closer, sitting on either side of their friend and each taking a hand.
“Secrets are hard to keep when we share everything.” Renee smiled.
“Plus, we are very nosy and very annoying,” Bell added.
They all laughed, even Selene.
“Just tell us what’s going on. I promise, it will make you feel better,” Renee offered, squeezing Selene’s hand.
“You’re probably right,” Selene sighed, “but I don’t think I can. Not yet.”
“Just tell me this,” Bell opened, “do I need to hurt Jackson?”
“No,” Selene laughed. “Jackson is wonderful. He has been very patient and understanding. I just have some things on my mind I need to work through, is all.”
“We are here for you whenever you’re ready,” Renee reminded.
“I know, thank you.” Selene smiled before standing up. “But I do actually have other things I need to do, so can I leave the rest of this in your capable hands?”
“You know it.” Renee smiled.
“Yea, but can you not be a total slacker and get those invitations over to the maildrop?” Bell poked at Selene.
“Ok, ok.” Selene laughed. Picking up the stack of completed invitations.
“Oh, don’t forget this one.” Renee reached for the last envelope Selene had been working on.
Renee’s brows furrowed when she looked at the name written on the envelope. Her questioning glance turned up to Selene.
“Alpha Alexander? Of Summer?” she asked.
Selene felt her heart leap into her throat. He hadn’t been on the guest list, but he had been on her mind.
‘Did I write him an invitation without realizing it?’ she wondered to herself.
“That’s weird. I don’t remember him being on the guestlist… not sure why he would be since he hates us,” Bell replied, also looking at Selene curiously.
“Yea… it was um an idea. Like an olive branch. Not just him, each of the Alphas are invited. Alpha’s daughter, you know, diplomacy and all that.”
“Right…” Bell responded, still eyeing Selene as though she wasn’t convinced.
“Anyway, I’ll take that.” Selene grabbed the invitation from Renee and made her way to the door. “Thanks again, guys. I’ll see ya tomorrow, ok?”
Selene hurried out without waiting for a reply.
***
In the end, Selene had dropped the invitations off for delivery but held on to the one for Alexander. She had never intended to invite him anyway, so what was the point? But as she lay in bed, tossing and turning, she couldn’t help but wonder.
“Maybe I should. For diplomatic purposes,” Selene whispered to herself in the dark.
Then, she frowned, shaking her head at the thought.
“No,” she told herself firmly, turning over to go to sleep.
But her mind was unsettled. How could she sleep with so many thoughts and questions, and those grey eyes, running through her head? Finally, she got up and opened her bedroom window, climbing out onto the ledge before jumping down into the snow below.
Selene ran until she reached the edge of the thick trees that signaled the beginning of the forest. She looked back over her shoulder before diving into the woods with the cracking and snapping sounds of her bones breaking and realigning.
The sensation of the shift always retained that white-hot fire that tore at the flesh, but the pain was something that she had gotten used to after almost ten years. But, on the other hand, the freedom that came with running through the trees on all four paws was something that always felt fresh and new.
She ran through the forest, jumping from rocks and fallen trees into the snow. The wind rushed through her soft white fur, making her feel like she was flying. This was the feeling she loved. No restraint, just freedom in the wild.
Sometimes she felt as though she could run forever.
The sky was filled with red and purple hues when she finally crawled back in through her window. As she pulled on a new set of pajamas, she glanced down at the invitation that lay on her desk. Quickly she grabbed it and hurried down the hall to the office.
Selene took a deep breath before dropping the envelope into the outgoing box.









Chapter 7 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
On the night of the Blood Moon, Galen and two other wolves had spent the entire night chasing after Alexander in his wolf form; they had fought and struggled with him. His prowess was famous, his stamina even more so.
By morning he finally stopped running. Galen, at last, caught up to him. He only said one thing when they shifted back to their human forms.
“She is unsuitable.”
Galen had tried to get more information, but Alexander refused. He only responded once more as they were leaving. As Galen referred to the girl as their Luna, Alexander told him there was no such person.


In the week since they had returned from the Blood Moon Gathering, Alexander had managed to injure several of his strongest warriors in sparring matches, one of which remained in the hospital. His mood had darkened upon return, and no one could understand why.
Though he had always acted indifferent or cold to almost everyone. And was well known for his strict and harsh training. However, he had never been quite so aggressive or unrestrained.
It had gotten so bad that Galen had been approached by several pack members, hoping he could calm the fury of their Alpha.
“She’s unsuitable,” Galen said, mocking Alexander’s voice as he went up the stairs. “If she’s so ‘unsuitable’, why are you making the rest of our lives miserable?”
He sighed heavily when he reached Alexander’s office. Lifting his fist to the door, he hesitated to knock.
‘He’s probably busy. I should come back another time,’ Galen convinced himself.
He lowered his hand when an image of hard-trained warriors on their knees with their tails between their legs begging him for help came to mind.
Sighing, he gathered his willpower and knocked on the door.
“Enter,” Alexander called from within.
Galen swallowed the lump in his throat and proceeded to open the door. He stepped inside, closing it behind him. Then, turning toward the occupied desk, he touched his fist to his heart with a bow of his head, saluting Alexander.
“My Alpha.”
“What is it, Galen? I’m busy.” His tone was cold and dark.
‘I knew it! I should have waited,’ Galen groaned in his thoughts.
“Alpha,” Galen began, “I came to see if there is anything that you need help with.”
“Are your own tasks not enough that you have so much free time?” Alexander answered absently.


Alexander did not bother to look up as he stared at the computer in front of him, his hands moving swiftly over the keyboard. Galen could almost swear he saw a hazy black aura coming off him.
“No, Alpha. I have plenty to fill my day,” Galen replied with a heavy sigh, remembering that he still had several things to handle that day. His schedule was already behind. “But I thought that there was something that you might need from me.”
“I thought it was clear that what I needed from you is the completion of the tasks you have already been assigned.”
‘Don’t you think I would rather be doing my work? As it is now, I might miss dinner to make up for the time I am wasting trying to get you to face your romance problems!’ Galen growled in his mind.
“Of course, Alpha,” Galen replied through gritted teeth.
“Galen, we have known each other since we were pups. However, you have never called me Alpha outside official meetings or training. It’s irritating,” Alexander uttered with annoyance. “Why are you here?”
“Well, Alph—” Galen began, eliciting a growl from his friend. Then, he quickly corrected, “Alexander, I actually came here today because there have been concerns.”
“About what?” Alexander replied, still not interested enough to pull his attention away from the screen before him.
“It has been suggested that you might need….” Galen opened, quickly losing his confidence, “well, that you might want to talk about something… that… may be bothering you.”
Alexander stopped typing. His hands stood perfectly still as he lifted his head to lock eyes with his Beta. A move that sent a chill down Galen’s spine. His sense of danger warned him to turn around and escape the office while there was still a chance.
“Excuse me?” Alexander’s voice swirled with anger.
Galen could feel the dark aura he had imagined earlier closing in to swallow him whole.
‘Shit, shit, shit….’ Galen thought to himself, ‘those bastards don’t care if I die!’
Galen took a step backward, swallowing hard as his throat now felt dry as a bone. His palms were clammy, and the beat of his heart was smashing into his ears.
“What exactly would be bothering me, Galen?” Alexander snarled as he stood up from his chair, placing both hands on his desk, never breaking his stare on Galen.
He calculated how quickly he could escape the room, but the truth was that Alexander would be at the door before Galen could even turn around.
‘Since it seems like I already dug my own grave, I might as well keep digging.’ Galen sighed to himself.
“Our Luna,” Galen stated bluntly, bracing himself for a thrashing.
He heard the guttural roar that escaped Alexander’s throat before the sound of something crashing against the opposite wall. Galen looked over to see the computer smashed to bits, papers falling through the air amongst the splintered planks of wood that once made up the desk.
“I thought I made myself clear on that subject!” Alexander hollered angrily, his chest heaving up and down dramatically.
“Yes, you did,” Galen answered quietly.
“Then let it go!” Alexander demanded.
“I can’t,” Galen replied.
“Why the hell not!” Alexander yelled.
“Because you haven’t!” Galen snapped back.
Alexander paused; Galen could see those words had struck a chord for him. He decided to push his luck.
“Alexander, you have spent the past week with a dark cloud of lightning over your head. You’ve never been a warm hug and sunshine kind of Alpha, but you’ve never been cruel either.”
“It hasn’t been that bad,” Alexander replied, looking away from his friend.
“Brother, you’ve hurt people,” Galen replied honestly.
Alexander looked up, concern and confusion on his face. “Who?”
“Lucas and Henry both have broken bones. Michael is still in the hospital, three broken ribs, and a fractured jaw.”
Alexander looked as if he had been struck. He reached a hand up into his hair and closed his eyes before backing up to brace himself against the wall and sliding down to the floor head in hands.
“I didn’t know…” he whispered.
“Isn’t that a problem?” Galen asked, walking toward Alexander. “Your dad, he taught you to be tough, to keep your distance, I know. But even he had a limit. There was something he used to say, he said he had to be cold so―”
“I know Galen. I know it better than you,” Alexander interrupted.
“Then honor it,” Galen said as he squatted down beside his friend and reached a hand to his shoulder.
Both men remained quiet until Alexander let out a laugh.
“What?” Galen asked, unable to stop a smile forming at hearing his friend let out anything that sounded remotely happy.
“You calmed me down by mentioning my father. His memory, his honor,” Alexander answered softly. “But that is the exact reason I can’t accept her. Anyone but her.”
“What do you mean?” Galen asked.
Alexander looked over at his friend with a sad smile. “Guess.”
Galen shook his head, he tried to think what Alexander could mean, but nothing came to mind.
“I will give you a hint in the form of a question. Whose daughter do you think she is?”
Galen wasn’t sure what to make of the question. Why would it matter whose daughter she was, he wondered to himself. He couldn’t understand how that could explain why Alexander was convinced that he couldn’t be with this woman.
‘..my father. His memory, his honor. But that is the exact reason I can’t accept her… whose daughter…’
The words echoed in Galen’s mind as realization hit him. The only man in the entire world that Alexander could not tolerate. The only person he held a grudge against was the man he held personally responsible for his father’s death.
Alpha Wyatt of Winter.
“You’ve guessed it, haven’t you?” Alexander laughed bitterly.
Galen reached his arm out and gripped his friend’s shoulder once more. There were no words he could offer him, still…
“Is there no way to move past this? She is your mate….” Galen asked cautiously.
“No,” Alexander answered firmly. “All I can do is avoid her.”
There was a knock at the door; before Galen could react, Alexander got up suddenly. Galen looked at him. Something was strange in his reaction. Alexander hurried to the door; he was given something.
Galen stood and walked over to get a closer look. Alexander held an envelope to his nose as he approached, his eyes shut tightly.
Alexander tore the envelope open and pulled out the paper, his eyes looking over it desperately.
“Damn it,” Alexander whispered, dropping it to the ground.
Galen reached down and picked up the discarded paper. Confused by Alexander’s reaction, he looked at what it said.. His eyes widened as he realized what it was, an invitation to the eighteenth birthday celebration of their Luna.









Chapter 8 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
In the days leading up to Selene’s eighteenth birthday weekend, guests arrived in dozens. Though Winter had many rules and restrictions of intermingling, they still managed to have close relations with numerous wolves outside their pack.
Many of the guests arriving were not Selene’s friends alone. Her parents both had their own guests arriving, and several others were added to the list by her good friends.
Selene did, in the end, decide to invite each of the other Alphas. Telling herself, it was, as she had told her friends, for diplomatic purposes. Which was almost true. She was actively trying to avoid a fight with Jackson if and when he found out that Alpha Alexander had been invited.
A fight she knew would happen the moment she sent the invitation, but until it did, she would hold on to even the tiniest thread of hope.


Like every celebration in the Werewolf community, her party was a weekend-long event. First was a day of relaxation and light socializing, followed by a night of partying until dawn. And finally, a day of rest before returning home.
As such, the preparations for her party were quite time-consuming. So much so that she had traded patrol rotations several times to accommodate her need to make sure everything was done correctly. But this also meant that she was stuck on a double patrol rotation the day before her birthday weekend officially began.
Due to this change, she was deep in the forest that bordered their territory, miles away from her home. As a result, she could not greet the last guests on the evening before her party weekend began. So instead, she would be leaving her friends and family the task of welcoming them.
Those guests, of course, being the wolves of Summer.
***
Two dark SUVs pulled up in front of the building. A tall blonde man stepped out of the passenger side of the first SUV and approached Jackson, who stood alongside two other pack members serving as valets.
Jackson thought for a moment that the man looked familiar, but he couldn’t quite place him.
“We will park our own cars if that’s alright,” the blonde man said in a friendly tone.
Jackson nodded and released the others to return to their other duties. These were the last cars they had been notified about.
He headed to the only other people standing outside now.
“Why am I being forced to do this?” a stern-faced man of about twenty-four years asked, making no effort to hide his disinterest.
“Because I asked really nicely?” Renee replied, giving him a hopeful smile.
He scoffed and turned to walk away.
“Because your sister overextended herself. And you love her even more than all the Nutter Butters you keep hidden in the back of the pantry?” Replied Bell, who walked up behind them. She placed her hands on his shoulders and turned him back towards Renee, who giggled at the comment.
“How did you –” he began.


“Axel, come on, don’t insult me. I know everything, like, all the time.” Bell laughed, pushing his hair out of his eyes.
Like most pack members, he wore his dark blonde hair long and tied up in braids and knots. But often, he chose to have just a small amount of fringe hanging down over the upper right side of his face, covering a deep scar he had earned when he was still a child.
He swatted at her hand and gave her a sharp look.
“Would it kill you to show me some respect?” he growled.
“Would it kill you to earn it?” she growled back.
“Hey, hey. Come on, man, everyone knows you would do anything for Selene. So what’s the point in denying it?” Jackson laughed, rejoining the party.
“You too? We’re brothers now. Why are you joining in against me?” Axel grumbled.
“Not yet.” Bell smiled playfully at Jackson.
She was surprised by his reaction. She had expected a retort or a laugh, but the look that passed over his eyes, however quickly it disappeared, was dark.
“Soon enough,” he answered back.
“Axel!” a voice called out from the entrance to the building behind them. It was one of the men Jackson had sent back. “The Alpha has called for you!”
“Right away!” he called back. “Oh, darn, I guess host and hostess roles are passed back to you three. Such a shame.”
He smiled as he backed away from them. His expression and the thick sarcasm in his tone told the others that he was definitely gleefully lying.
“Bell, you better keep your filthy hands off my Nutter Butters!” he shouted, pointing at her. “I’m serious.”
“You wish my hands were near anything of yours!” she shouted back with a laugh.
He shook his head and scoffed loudly as he entered the building.
The others laughed together until the sound of a throat being cleared brought their attention back. They all looked up to see the blonde man from before standing in front of them. There was a tension in the air now, each of them realizing they had not even noticed his approach.
Worse still, they had not noticed the approach of the group of people behind him.
Bell was the first to recover. Taking a good look at him, she smiled.
The grey suit he wore highlighted his broad shoulders and height. The black shirt and tie did nothing to hide his muscular body. His beard was a darker blonde than the hair on his head by a shade or two. It was thick but not long. Trimmed to hug his jawline but not his cheekbones.
“Hey, handsome. Welcome to Winter. I’m Bell, and you are?” she smiled at him flirtatiously.
He smiled back with just a touch of reluctance.
“Galen,” he answered, his green eyes holding on Bell a moment longer before looking away. Finally, he stepped back and motioned to the rest of his party. “And this is Alpha Alexander of Summer.”
The group of men and women behind him stepped back to form two straight lines revealing a tall, stunning man between them.
They all recognized Alpha Alexander.
His auburn hair and grey eyes were unique and recognizable on their own. Still, no one, not even a jealous mate, could deny his presence was also quite intense.
Like Galen, Alexander also wore a suit. In fact, they all did, and the same one, including the women. Only Alexander wore a tie of burgundy rather than black. He walked forward, his men falling in line behind him as he passed by them.
He stopped when he reached Galen, who moved to stand just behind him. Alexander looked down at Bell.
“Alpha Alexander, welcome to Winter,” was all she could manage to say. She brought a fist to her heart and bowed to him, as did Renee.
Jackson, however, did not.
“Jackson!” Renee whispered to him.
Galen growled angrily.
Jackson looked directly at Alexander, who did not bother to look at him. Then, finally, he hit his fist to his chest aggressively and bent his head forward.
Clenching his jaw the whole time.
Alexander did not react other than to continue on his way toward the building, his wolves following behind him.
Bell righted herself and pulled Renee up, pushing her after the wolves with instructions to lead them to their rooms.
She looked to Jackson, who stared after them with his jaw still clenched.
“Hey, hey!” she pushed him until he looked down at her. “What was that, man? You can’t show that lack of respect to an Alpha.”
“You’re lecturing me on showing respect?” Jackson laughed.
“Yea and that should tell you something about how dumb what you just did was,” Bell replied seriously.
“He’s a jerk who thinks he is better than every wolf in Winter,” replied Jackson.
“Maybe, but he’s still an Alpha,” answered Bell, turning to go inside.
Jackson was left feeling a rage building within him.
“Oh my, what a surprise this is,” called a cheerful voice from behind him. He turned to see a short man with brown curly hair smiling up at him.
His smile reminded Jackson of the Cheshire Cat from Wonderland, and something told him to be wary. However, his focus was still held mainly by the arrogant prick walking into the building.
“I had not expected to see any of the Summer wolves at this party, much less Alpha Alexander himself.”
“Yes, we are all stunned to see him,” Jackson growled in response.
“It’s a good thing,” the man smiled up at him, “Alpha Alexander must be here to mend fences with Alpha Wyatt, right?”
Jackson did not respond.
“I mean, what other reason could that young man have for coming to Selene’s birthday party?” the short man whispered. “Surely, they don’t know each other well enough to be friends—”
“Is there something you need?” Jackson growled, looking down at the man.
The man let out a light, friendly chuckle and waved his hands in the air as though he were showing his peaceful intentions.
“Oh no, no, young man. I was simply observing the moment,” the man said before reaching a hand toward Jackson. “I am Holden, by the way. I came as a representative of Spring for my Alpha who is unable to attend.”
“Jackson,” he replied curtly, shaking the man’s hand briefly.
“It is truly a pleasure to meet you..” Holden smiled, just a little too wide.









Chapter 9 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Selene woke to the sound of the birds outside her window.
She was supposed to have gone directly to see Renee and Bell for a report on whether all the guests had arrived without issue. Still, she had been too tired by the time her patrol had ended and gone straight to bed.
She got up and thought about getting into the shower before heading out to find the girls, but as she looked at the clock, she realized it was way too early. Though she had only been asleep for three hours, she had woken at the time she normally would for a morning run. It was too early.
Neither of the girls would be awake yet. She considered going back to sleep, but she knew it was pointless.


“Well, I guess I have no choice,” she whispered to herself with a smile.
The truth was that she loved her morning run. Every day she would run several miles in her standard human form and several in wolf form.
This was when she felt most free and at ease.
She went down the stairs and found her mother already awake.
“Mom?” she called to her.
“Selene, I expected you to sleep in this morning.” Corrine smiled, giving Selene a kiss on the cheek.
“Yea, that was the plan, but gotta get my run in,” she laughed, heading toward the door.
“Have fun, my dear,” Corrine replied, waving to her, before suddenly remembering something. “Oh, Selene, wait!”
She was already out the door. Corrine looked outside but didn’t see her anywhere.
“Oh well, I’m sure he’ll find her,” she said to herself as she closed the door.
***
It had been a long time since Alexander had been within the borders of Winter. Even before his father’s death, he hadn’t been to the North in a long time.
He could remember coming for training. But, of course, it wasn’t required for the other wolves. Still, his father had believed that an Alpha should always know more than his own wolves, especially in learning about protection and defense. So, Alexander had been sent to Winter for three months. To learn how to fight and defend in the snow and on the rocky terrain of the mountain.
He had enjoyed it; he had enjoyed his time with Alpha Wyatt.
Alexander felt his jaw tighten as he thought of Alpha Wyatt, a man he once looked at with respect and awe. But now, he considered him as an enemy to his pack.


There had been quite a fuss made when Alexander announced his intention to attend this weekend. He made it clear his purpose was to maintain peace and nothing more. Still, many wolves of his pack felt their presence here was an insult to his father’s memory.
Alexander wondered if they were right. Would he have made the same decision a month ago?
His self-reflection was disrupted quickly by a scent he would recognize until his dying day. It was hers. It was faint, so he knew she wasn’t near, but it lingered as though it had been here in this place for some time.
Alexander looked around, following the faint aroma until he came across a small duffel bag. He pulled the zipper, and her scent circled around him, teasing his senses. He reached his hand in and pulled out a shirt. He brought it to his nose and breathed it in.
“Goddess help me,” he whispered to himself as the warmth of her filled him. His hand gripped the shirt tightly.
The scent was intense, overwhelming. Alexander’s skin was prickling with an energy he couldn’t suppress. He shoved the shirt back into the bag and dropped it to the ground, taking a few steps away.
It didn’t fade. Instead, it actually seemed to get stronger. His head was clouded with thoughts of her. The scent of her, the movement of her body, the sound of her voice. He dropped to his knees and did the only thing he could think of to wake himself.
He grabbed a handful of snow and crushed it against his face. The cold against his skin was a welcomed shock. Finally, finally, he could breathe again, he could think, and he could hear.
He could hear her.
“Excuse me…” Selene called, her voice coming from behind a tree.
Alexander turned in the direction she had called from.
“No! No, don’t turn around. Please,” Selene yelled quickly.
He turned back the other way as instructed.
“So, uh, you have something of mine over there that I really, really need.”
He looked around, remembering the duffel bag. He reached for it. Then, realization struck him why it was here and why Selene would call from behind a tree. He swallowed suddenly as he felt the flush race through his body to the tips of his ears.
He took a deep breath and called out to her.
“I am going to turn around so I can toss it in your direction. I will turn back around immediately. I promise I will not look.”
“Ok,” she replied with uneasiness.
He stood up and turned around, tossing the bag near the tree he thought he had heard her voice coming from. He held a moment and saw her hand snake out to grab the bag. He turned quickly so as not to break his word.
“What are you doing out here?” Selene asked after a few silent moments passed.
Alexander wasn’t sure if he should turn around or not.
“My team came out for morning drills. When we were done, I felt like a walk,” Alexander replied.
“It’s safe,” she said, walking past him to a fallen log she sat down on.
The running shorts she had put on only served to emphasize her long muscular legs as she walked by him.
His traitorous eyes continued their journey up her shapely waist to the curve of her breasts that the sports bra and t-shirt failed to hide.
“Debatable,” he commented under his breath as he looked away, words Selene hadn’t caught.
“So, you make your wolves train even on vacation?” she asked.
“There were no events planned at four this morning. So they didn’t miss anything,” he stated frankly.
Selene looked at him with surprise.
“What about at the Blood Moon Gathering? Did you make them train then, too?” she asked curiously.
“They got a workout in, but it was not a scheduled training,” he sighed. Feeling uncomfortable remembering their last encounter.
She noticed, and the memory came to her as well.
“What about you? What are you doing out here?” Alexander asked, trying to change the subject.
“I was out for my morning run.”
“Do you always run naked?” he asked quietly.
“It’s not like I planned it! I was shifted!” she cried out as the blush crept into her cheeks. “I ran straight to my clothing stash; I didn’t expect anyone to be here.”
“Do the wolves of Winter not have access to skin mesh?” Alexander asked, looking away from her so she wouldn’t see his own reddened cheeks as he remembered finding her clothing stash.
Selene sighed. She was irritated by his implication that Winter would not have access to basic supplies. For example, skin mesh was a magically infused fabric that allowed for shifting while wearing it. This permitted them to wear armor in their human form and retain it in wolf form.
“Of course, we do! But we only use it in our armor. It would be a waste of resources to use for everyday clothing. Not to mention, I happen to enjoy running wild and feeling the wind in my fur, which is something you can’t do in a skin mesh!”
“Fair enough,” Alexander replied with a smile. It was fun for him to hear Selene so passionate. The feeling of the wind in his fur was one he also enjoyed.
Selene huffed. She felt embarrassed for getting so worked up.
“Sorry,” she said quickly, “I am being very rude right now.”
“What?” he asked, honestly confused by her statement.
“I was on patrol last night, so I didn’t even greet you.” She smiled.
She stood from her log, placing her fist to her heart, and bowing gracefully, she spoke.
“Alpha Alexander, I welcome you to Winter.” She raised her head to him with a warm smile.
He felt his heart skip.
“Thank you, Selene.” He said softly, returning her smile.
She felt her heart skip.
“This is your first time here, right?” she asked quickly, pushing down against the feelings and sensations that were trying to force their way to the surface.
“No,” he replied. “I was here about twelve years ago.”
“You were? I don’t remember that.”
“No reason to.” He responded. “I was just a ten-year-old here for a short while to train.”
“Well, I was eight. I probably would have been excited by someone around my age coming to visit.” She laughed.
“Selene, why am I here?” he asked bluntly. The trip down memory lane guided him in a direction that would only lead to his anger. He wanted to avoid scaring her.
“What?” Selene asked, confused by the sudden switch in the subject.
“Why did you invite me?” He looked carefully at her now, looking for any hint she might give.
She avoided his gaze.
“Why did you come?” She asked. Not entirely sure why those were the words that came out of her mouth.
He looked away now.
Selene felt her heart pounding in her chest. She felt as though she would start having a hard time breathing soon. She had opened herself up just a sliver, and it felt like a flood was coming.
“I invited all the Alphas,” she stated.
He looked up at her again.
“I thought it might be an olive branch,” her confidence was waning. She knew already that this was an answer Alexander would not like.
“An olive branch?” his mouth twitched into a forced smile as he choked out a laugh. “An olive branch for what, exactly.”
“Winter and Summer have been in a stalemate of bitterness and anger for over two years now.”
“And you think inviting the Alphas to your birthday party will fix it all.” Alexander laughed bitterly.
“Obviously not,” Selene stated through gritted teeth. “But if you won’t take the first step, it’s on us to do so.”
Alexander shook his head in anger.
“There is only one step that needs to be taken, and that is by Alpha Wyatt.”
“My father is a good man who has done nothing—”
“So was mine!” His voice reverberated against the trees and sent the birds fleeing from their nests.
She took a step back from him. He looked up at her just long enough for her to recognize the tears in his eyes.
“Damn it!” he hissed to himself before turning and running into the trees.
Selene fell to her knees, letting out the breath she did not realize she had been holding. She took deep breaths to slow her racing heart. Until she felt the presence of someone else coming closer.
Quickly she wiped away the tears and got up off the ground, just in time to see Jackson emerge from out of the trees.









Chapter 10 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Jackson didn’t like seeing them together. In fact, it set every nerve in his body on fire.
But he realized that if he rushed in now, as the hero saving her from that arrogant prick, she wouldn’t thank him. Instead, she might even defend Alexander.
No, it suited him more to allow her to see Alexander as a villain rather than himself as a hero.
Jackson stayed back, watching. But then Alexander shouted at her with such force even the birds flew away. He gripped the tree he was hiding behind, splintering the wood. He couldn’t hold back the low growl that made its way from deep within him.


‘Bastard!’ he thought to himself, ‘how dare he treat her that way!’
Alexander walked away into the woods on the opposite side.
“Finally!” Jackson whispered to himself. He took two steps forward before he stopped. He watched her fall to the ground on her knees and saw the way her shoulders hung. She was crying.
There was a lump forming in his throat. He swallowed it and continued walking. Finally, Jackson stopped fighting the pull he always felt to her, letting her feel him coming. He watched, painfully, as she hid her tears from him. Then, when she stood up to look at him, she smiled. Never
before had he felt anything but joy from her smile.
Until now.
***
“You understand, right?” Selene asked nervously.
“Ash, I already told you I understand. We’re all good, babe,” he reassured her with a smile and a kiss on the cheek. “I was more worried about you than anything.”
Selene nodded.
When she had felt Jackson approaching from the trees, she was afraid he would misunderstand. That he would make assumptions about why she had been alone with Alexander or question why she had even invited him to her birthday, to begin with.
But to her surprise, that wasn’t at all how he had reacted. He had been concerned about their conversation but only because he had heard when Alexander had lost control and shouted in his Alpha tone.
He wasn’t jealous. He was worried.
Selene stopped walking and hugged him close. That prompted Jackson to laugh as he wrapped his arms around her tightly.
“Not that I mind, but what did I do to deserve this?”


“I am so sorry,” she whispered; her voice shook slightly.
Jackson pulled back to see her face, her tears streaking down her cheeks. He put a hand to the side of her face and used his thumb to wipe them away tenderly.
“Hey, hey, you have nothing to be sorry for,” he whispered back.
“Yes, I do,” she choked out between tears. “You have been so good to me; you have been patient and loving and wonderful.”
Jackson smiled and kissed her forehead.
“And why is that something to be sorry about?” he laughed.
“I’m serious,” Selene said, trying hard to stop her tears.
“So am I,” he whispered before kissing her lips gently. “It’s you and me forever, baby. I love you. Everything else, I’ll deal with it.”
Selene sniffed and wiped away the rest of her tears. She smiled at him before jumping into his arms and kissing him with a fire she had never shown before. A flash of grey in her mind. She squeezed her eyes tightly until all she could see was the flair of white from the pressure against her irises.
“I love you, Jackson,” she whispered against his mouth between kisses. “I love you so much.”
Jackson smiled and kissed her once more.
“I love you too.”
The rest of their walk had gone by without incident. Jackson had walked Selene all the way home, holding hands and smiling the entire time.
“Oh man, is this what’s it going to be like from now on?” Bell asked, smiling as she pretended to be grossed out.
“For the rest of our lives,” Jackson said as he pulled Selene’s hand to his mouth and kissed it softly.
“Oh, Goddess help me,” Bell whispered. “Ok, ok, that’s enough of your mush!”
Bell reached out and playfully pulled Selene to her side.
“It’s time for the Princess to prepare for the ball.” Renee laughed, peeking out from the door.
“It’s ok. I have to finish my surprise anyway.” Jackson smiled.
“Surprise?” Selene asked, looking at him curiously.
“See ya tonight.” He winked at her before he walked away.
“Oh, wow, you guys are gross.” Bell laughed as she pushed Selene into the house.
***
Alexander returned to the room he shared with Galen and immediately got into the shower, desperately trying to scald the frustration out of his body.
When he entered the bedroom, he found Galen sitting on the bed waiting for him.
“You saw her, didn’t you,” Galen asked.
Alexander let out a heavy sigh but said nothing as he crossed the room to the dresser.
“Guess it didn’t go well,” Galen answered himself.
Calen rolled his eyes as he pulled a grey t-shirt over his head.
“How else could it have gone?” Alexander huffed.
“Words. Nice.” Galen pumped his fist.
Alexander threw his wet towel at his friend as he finished getting dressed.
Galen laughed as he caught it and threw it into the dirty clothes hamper.
“Man, seriously, if that’s what you think, then why are we even here?” Galen asked, leaning back on his bed.
“We were invited.”
“We get invited to a lot of things; we don’t usually go because of that huge stick up— of responsibility you carry around….” Galen smiled brightly at his friend, changing his words midway when he noticed Alexander’s glare.
Alexander gave him an irritated look.
Galen stood up and walked to him.
“For real, what happened?”
Alexander clenched his jaw and looked away.
Galen sighed, walking into the bathroom. “Fine, whatever. Just don’t take it out on anyone who doesn’t deserve it.”
“I already did,” Alexander answered.
“What do you mean?” Galen asked, backing out of the bathroom, turning to stare at Alexander attentively.
Alexander sighed and sat on his bed. Galen sat across from him, waiting for the answer.
“I didn’t seek her out. After training this morning, I was feeling off. I was thinking about something… anyway, I needed to walk. So I just ran into her by chance.”
“What do you mean by chance?” Galen asked.
“By chance, unplanned. I was standing somewhere, and she ran that way.”
“So, she ran into you?”
“No.”
“You ran into her? I thought you were walking?” Galen queried using his hands like puppets, making them run into each other.
“No. What? Does it really matter?” Alexander snapped.
“Hey, I am just trying to get into your headspace, ok? I gotta see the setting, feel the atmosphere,” Galen retorted dramatically.
Alexander sighed and rolled his eyes.
“Fine,” he huffed. Alexander took a deep breath before continuing quickly, “I was in a small grove of trees, I caught her scent, and before I realized it, I had followed it to a go-bag. I opened it and found her clothing inside. So I pulled out a shirt and inhaled her scent.”
Embarrassed by his own words, Alexander ran a hand through his hair.
“I realized the ridiculousness of my actions and threw the item back inside and the bag to the ground. As I attempted to calm my senses, I heard Selene’s voice. She had happened upon me, she asked for the bag and—”
“Wait!” Galen shouted as he stood up and stared down at Alexander with eyes wide, “do you mean that she was… that she had no….”
Galen gestured at his clothing, placing an arm over his chest and groin and making a shocked expression. Alexander jumped up and snarled at his friend.
“Do not dare imagine her!”
“Dude!” Galen shouted back, insulted, “that is my Luna! Have some respect!”
Alexander hollered once more in frustration.
“Ok, ok!” Galen raised his hands in annoyance, “just skip to the part where you screwed up.”
Alexander looked back with a glare.
“What? Gonna tell me you didn’t?” Galen replied, giving him a knowing look.
Alexander sat down, defeated.
“We got into an argument about the conflict that exists between our packs. I got angry.” Alexander leaned forward with his head in his hands, “I yelled at her. I used my Alpha tone.”
Galen sank down onto the bed beside Alexander.
“Maybe you can apologize. She is your mate. She will under—” Galen tried to comfort him.
“Hah!” Alexander laughed bitterly. “That’s the best part.”
Alexander locked eyes with his friend as he continued his story. Galen could not look away when he saw the redness that laced his eyes. A level of emotion Alexander had never shown before was written on his face, hidden under layers of practiced control ripped away in an instant.
“I did go back. I walked for a few minutes and realized I couldn’t leave it that way. I wanted to apologize for the way I treated her.” Alexander clenched his jaw once more and then turned away from Galen.. “When I found her again, she was a bit busy, attached at the mouth to that black-haired rat she left Blood Moon with.”









Chapter 11 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
For most guests, the day had been spent in relaxation with a mix of beauty treatments, sparring matches, and hot springs in the snow.
But when night fell, the real party began.
The ballroom had a roof made of glass, and the moonlight shone through like their own personal disco ball, making everything glitter and sparkle. The music blared, alcohol ran freely, and food of every kind was laid out everywhere.
Alexander and his wolves entered the ballroom, drawing the attention of most of the room.


There were tables and chairs scattered throughout the building, places to relax or enjoy some food. Alexander found one that was empty and chose it as their base of operations. He sat down, Galen joining him and offering a drink he had picked up somewhere along the way.
The rest of his wolves also sat; they fit almost perfectly at the table, with two left standing.
Galen looked around the table at all their severe expressions. Then, he noticed how the two wolves left standing appeared as guards to a somewhat unapproachable group.
“Alpha,” he began with a sigh. Alexander glanced at him, “don’t you think we are a bit too conspicuous?”
Alexander looked around the table and then back out to the room, where he saw that many eyes and whispers were directed at them. He cleared his throat before answering.
“It doesn’t matter where we sit in this room. We will still draw attention,” Alexander answered quietly.
“I understand that. However,” Galen tried again, “if we acted more like we came to enjoy the party… instead of like we are waiting to start a coup or something, it might help.”
Alexander rolled his eyes. He looked around at his wolves; most of them sat quietly, waiting for direction, one or two he noticed were glancing out at the dance floor, with a slight bob or rhythmic movement.
He turned back to Galen.
“Is it not your job to lead your fellow wolves by example?” Alexander asked. Galen tilted his head confused. “Go, show them how to enjoy themselves.”
“Yes, my Alpha!” Galen smiled. He stood up, drawing the attention of the others.
“Your Alpha has given his orders,” he spoke seriously before giving them a goofy grin, “Let’s party!”
The group was a mixed reaction, laughs, cheers, and confusion. They all gave Alexander a nod before following Galen out to the dance floor.
Leaving Alexander all alone for the moment.
***


“Oh, look at him!” Renee shouted excitedly. “It could be him!”
She pointed out into the mass of people below them on the dance floor, where she watched a young man of at least twenty-five as he gyrated to the music.
Selene grimaced, she didn’t understand the appeal, but she didn’t need to.
“You do understand, Re, that you don’t get to pick, right?” Bell laughed.
Renee pouted at Bell’s response. Bell dramatically hugged her and pretended to wipe her tears.
“Oh, my poor darling, I’m so sorry! Tell ya what, for tonight, you can pick anyone you want, let’s live in your Cinderella fantasy! Come on, where’s your prince?” Bell laughed, looking out at the people.
“Hmm, maybe that one?” she called out, pointing to a man that stood leaning against a table. He was attractive, had a strong body, good hair.
“Hmm…” Renee said, leaning over the rail to get a better look, “he is cute.”
He turned and knocked his plate of food to the floor. He bent down and picked it up. Looking around quickly, he blew on the mini quiche before putting it in his mouth.
“Eww! Oh no! No! No!” Renee shouted in disgust.
Selene and Bell couldn’t help their laughter.
“Ok, let’s look again,” Bell’s eyes traveled over the men below. When a familiar face caught her eye, she smiled mischievously, “how about him?”
Renee and Selene both followed the direction she pointed in. Both gasped at who they saw, each for very different reasons.
“Bell, that’s Alpha Alexander.” Renee scoffed.
“What!? Really?” Bell said with mock surprise before laughing, “obviously, but this is a game, and he is hot. So, how about it? Is he your pretend mate?”
Bell wiggled her eyes at Renee.
“Even to pretend, there’s no way I’d choose him,” Renee answered, turning her back towards Alexander as though she were rejecting him.
“Oh, come on,” Bell said. “Really? Look at him.”
“No, thank you,” Renee replied with certainty. “No one in Winter would dare look at a wolf of Summer.”
Selene felt a heat in her chest rising.
“Hmm, maybe not, but it looks like Spring doesn’t mind.” Bell snickered as she leaned over the rail to watch.
Selene found herself pressing against the rail before she could process the thought. Bell was right. She watched with a strange feeling rising in her as a woman approached Alexander’s table.
The woman smiled at him. She said something, then Alexander looked up at her. Selene felt a twist in her stomach. She couldn’t help but wonder what the woman had said to get his attention. Didn’t he find most people annoying? Everything she had heard about him said he avoided any and all unnecessary contact. So, why did he seem to be giving this woman all of his attention?
He was saying something to her. What could they be talking about?
“What are you looking at?” a voice whispered in her ear, causing her to jump.
Selene spun around, finding herself in Jackson’s arms. He smiled down at her and stole a kiss.
“We were playing a game of make-believe with Renee and her dream mate. Then we caught sight of something interesting.” Bell said, “One of the Spring girls—”
“Where did you go?” Selene asked Jackson quickly, interrupting Bell before she could mention Alexander. “I missed you,” she added with a sweet smile.
Jackson kissed her again before embracing her tenderly.
“Yuck,” Bell commented.
“Oh, don’t be a child!” Renee chided, “they’re in love. It’s sweet.”
“Yep, giving me a toothache.” Bell rolled her eyes and looked away, her eyes catching sight of Galen dancing below. She smiled to herself. “If you’ll excuse me.”
“Where are you going?” Renee asked.
“Hmm,” Bell mused, “to dare to look at a wolf of Summer.”
She scurried away before Renee had a chance to disapprove of her actions.
“Immature!” Renee called after her, drawing laughs from both Selene and Jackson.
Selene stole a glance back over her shoulder, but Alexander was gone, and so was the woman.
***
“Thank you again, Alpha Alexander. I appreciate your help.”
“It’s fine,” Alexander replied.
“It’s not. You’re the Alpha of Summer, and I asked you to help me carry my drunk idiot of a mate to our room,” she laughed nervously, “I really do appreciate it.”
The woman bowed to him and averted her eyes nervously.
“I wasn’t busy. There was no reason not to help,” Alexander replied curtly.
He set the man that leaned on his shoulder down on the bed and stood back up.
“I will leave the rest to you,” he said before leaving the room.
As he walked down the hallway, he wondered to himself why he had come to this party. He hated parties. They were noisy, pointless, and always filled with drunken idiots like the one he had just carried.
The ballroom was dark and filled with so many people he couldn’t even see her. So what was the point of even coming?
He hoped that his wolves, at least, were having fun.









Chapter 12 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
When Alexander returned to the ballroom, he found the party was in full swing. Looking around the room, he was unsure what to do with himself. Thus, he made his way to the bar and looked out into the crowd for any sign of her.
The wolves of Summer had found themselves dancing, toasting with others, and eating happily, all around enjoying the party. Yet, they still steered themselves away from the wolves of Winter, just as they did them.
Most of them, anyway.
Galen found himself once more pushed onto the dance floor. He couldn’t recognize the song that blared around him, only that it seemed to elicit movements from his body he could never hope to make on his own. His hips moved back and forth and twisted in ways that he knew they shouldn’t be able to.


His suit was a mess, his jacket and tie long ago stolen or lost. His black shirt had lost at least two of its buttons. Of those that remained, one was already undone. The reason for Galen’s state of undress was currently using the top of his shirt to pull his face down to her level.
The Winter wolf named Bell smiled wickedly before letting him go and dancing enthusiastically in front of him.
He smiled down at her as she moved to the music, enchanting him more and more with each shake of her hips. He wondered if she was just a very friendly person or flirting with him. His experience with women was exclusive to training them for battle, so he honestly had no idea.
He remembered seeing her with a man that she was close with. They seemed to share something special. Laughing and making jokes together.
He suddenly wondered if he was doing something wrong by dancing with her so much.
“What are you thinking so hard about, Handsome?” Bell asked him as she caught his shirt in her hands once more and gave him that same wicked smile as before.
“I wondered where your boyfriend was,” Galen laughed, trying not to show his disappointment.
Bell scrunched her brows and stopped dancing; she tilted her head to the side in a clear display of confusion.
“What are you talking about?” she asked with a giggle.
“The man from yesterday,” he replied.
She gave no indication of understanding who he was referring to.
“The blonde man, he stood outside with you when we first arrived,” he replied again, blushing a little as he continued. “He was called away, but I heard you mention putting your hands on him.”
Bell stared at him for a moment, still confused, when suddenly her eyes widened before she burst into laughter.
“Oh, my Goddess! You’re such an adorable creature!” she laughed as she put her hands on either side of his face and shouted. “That’s not a man. That’s Selene’s brother!”
***


Across the room, Luna Corrine and Alpha Wyatt climbed the grand staircase that overlooked the entire ballroom.
“Attention, attention, please,” Corrine smiled brightly at the guests, who continued to talk and laugh amongst themselves as she attempted to get their attention.
“Oh my, it seems they are a bit excited.” She smiled at Wyatt.
“Do you want me to get their attention for you?” He grinned, knowing the answer.
Corrine raised an eyebrow, and Wyatt laughed. She turned her attention back to the crowd before her, clearing her throat, and then with a brightness in her eyes, she called out once more.
“Attention!”
Her voice echoed across the hall, drawing the attention of every wolf that occupied the space. Then, finally, the music was lowered, and all eyes looked to the Luna of Winter. She smiled beautifully at the crowd below her.
“Thank you so much,” she began. “Alpha Wyatt and I are truly grateful to each of you for taking the time out of your busy lives to come and share this momentous occasion with us. Tonight is a night of celebration because this is the night that our only daughter becomes a woman in the eyes of the Goddess!”
Somewhere in the crowd, a cheer went up that was quickly repeated by every other person in the room.
Luna Corrine cheered and continued to share her words of praise and appreciation. Still, Galen found himself unable to concentrate as he noticed a figure moving in the crowd.
“Gotta go,” he whispered in Bell’s ear from behind, not noticing the way she reacted to him.
He slipped past her just as she reached out for him, watching him leave with a wicked grin on her face.
Galen followed Alexander out into the hallway, where his Alpha put back the entire glass in his hand in one quick drink.
“Alexander?” he called to him as he approached.
Alexander looked to his friend and gave a small smile.
“Are you alright?” Galen asked carefully, reaching a hand to Alexander’s shoulder.
“I can’t be in there right now,” Alexander answered, looking away.
Galen glanced back into the room where he could see that Alpha Wyatt had joined in the speech. There was laughter in the audience, but Galen could see eyes downcast. He recognized them immediately as members of his pack.
He returned to Alexander’s side and once more placed a hand on his shoulder.
“My Alpha, allow me to gather our people, and we can leave right now.”
“No, Galen. They are uncomfortable but not unhappy,” Alexander said. “You were right. They needed to be able to enjoy the party.”
Galen looked at him unconvinced.
“When the speeches have ended, and the music is playing, they will smile again,” Alexander reassured him.
“What about you?” Galen asked with honest concern.
“What about me?” Alexander smiled.
“Why do you remain in this hall if you have no reason to be here? Why stay when it seems to hurt you?”
“I don’t know,” Alexander answered honestly, smiling as he did so. “I guess I am waiting to see her. It’s stupid, really.”
“What do you mean?” Galen smiled.
“In the traditions of Winter, eighteen is when a wolf is truly grown. When the Goddess recognizes their strength and their inner power,” he replied with a soft smile spreading across his lips.
“I am waiting to see her. Now that the moon is shining brightly in the sky, she has finished her eighteenth year. I just want a glimpse of that woman. Even if she won’t be mine.”
“Won’t or can’t?” Galen asked with a raised brow.
“Does it matter?” Alexander laughed. “Why don’t you stop worrying about me and go enjoy yourself while you can, just like you have been.”
Galen felt the warmth that spread across his face.
“Saw that, did ya?” Galen asked sheepishly.
“I may have caught a glimpse or two.” Alexander smiled.
Galen blushed and looked away.
“There’s nothing wrong with having fun, Galen. That one seems to be quite interested in you.” Alexander laughed.
“I don’t know. I think she might just like to have fun in general.”
“Why not ask?”
“What? If she likes me?” Galen laughed.
“Yes,” Alexander replied, glancing back into the hall.
“I can’t do that. It would be awkward, not to mention she’s a Wint—Alexander?!”
Galen could not finish his thought as his Alpha pushed past him suddenly and ran back into the hall with haste.









Chapter 13 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Selene stood alongside Renee quietly as her mother and father gave their speeches. Jackson had left her side moments ago to finish up the surprise he had mentioned before. She found herself both excited and curious to see what it was and felt a renewed devotion to him that she wanted to cherish.
But there was still that little part of her mind that drifted back to Alexander. Wondering if he was alright after their argument from that morning. Of course, he was mean, and Selene didn’t like the way he had treated her, but she knew he was hurting. She could feel it.
And where exactly had Alexander gone off to with that wolf from Spring?
She closed her eyes for a moment, took a deep breath, and pushed back the emotions that were swirling in her heart.


“Are you ok?” Renee whispered to her with concern.
“Yea, just a slight headache.” Selene smiled back.
“I’ll go get you something, be right back.”
Renee left her side, and Selene was alone among a sea of people celebrating her. But, somewhere in this ocean, she knew Bell was laughing and dancing that thought alone made her smile.
“Well, aren’t you a pretty thing?” a slurred voice said from behind her.
Selene looked back and found herself faced with a wolf she had never seen before. His looks were unremarkable, brown, short hair cut just above the ears. Tall and slender, with a weak chin and a pointy nose.
“Yes, darlin’, I was talkin’ to you,” he garbled again.
“I believe you have had too much to drink. Probably time to put the glass down and go eat something,” Selene replied calmly. She could smell the alcohol mixing with his nasty breath. It was nauseating.
“Hmm,” he purred at her, “I would like to eat something alright.”
He took a step closer to her, and she stepped back. He let out a small chuckle before looking her up and down.
“Oh, sho, we’re gonna play a Lil game, huh?” His slurring was getting worse. He let out a laugh once more, this time drawing some curious eyes to him. “Well, I’ll be your big bad woof.”
He snarled in a way Selene expected he thought was sexy in his drunken state, but to her sober ears, it came out like phlegm was caught in his throat.
“Seriously, you need to leave me alone and maybe just go to bed now,” she stated, trying her best not to lose patience.
“Now thas what I’m talkin ‘bout baby. Les go to my room now!” the drunken idiot reached out for her, surprising her. He put his hands on her waist and pulled her against his body, laughing as he did so.
There were gasps around them, but before Selene had a chance to react, the man was pulled off her. Selene looked up to see not one but two men had come to her aid.


Before her stood both the men that claimed to be her mate.
Jackson looked at her, then turned to Alexander, his eyes darkening once more and finally turning back to the man on the floor. He reached down and pulled him to his feet aggressively.
“How dare you touch her!” Jackson shouted.
Alexander looked at Selene, their eyes held.
“Are you ok?” he asked quietly. Selene could only nod.
Alexander turned and faced the man that Jackson held in his hands. Before he could even take a step toward him, he felt a hand at his arm. He looked and saw Galen holding him back.
Alexander furrowed his brows, unsure why Galen was trying to stop him. He turned back towards the drunken idiot who had dared to grab Selene and found himself facing yet another man, who spoke quietly to him.
“Alpha Alexander, I thank you for your assistance. I am Axel, Selene’s brother. You need not worry about this matter anymore. Jackson and I will escort this man out.” Axel’s words were diplomatic and friendly. But the meaning was clear, ‘stay out of it.’.
Alexander wanted to argue, but once again, Galen gripped his arm.
Renee came over to Selene, pulling her back.
“Ash, are you alright?”
Selene nodded as she watched Alexander and her brother speaking without hearing them.
“Selene, Selene?” Renee called her attention.
“What?” she asked, looking back at her friend.
Renee looked around them before leaning close to whisper in Selene’s ear. “Is there something going on with you and Alpha Alexander?”
Selene felt her heart stop for a moment.
“What are you talking about?” she stuttered out.
“Look, I know that’s crazy ok. I know you love Jackson, but it’s weird. You invited him here, and then some people said you went for a walk together this morning? And now he rushes to your side when some creep looks at you funny?”
“It’s not… I don’t… I don’t know what to say,” was all she could manage as panic was settling into her heart.
All she could think about was Jackson hearing this conversation and how hurt he would be. How she kept breaking his heart at every turn.
Selene looked back at Alexander, who watched Axel and Jackson carrying the wolf to the door. Then, before she realized what she was doing, she stood in front of him.
“Selene…”
He said her name softly, like a lover. She closed her eyes and pushed the thought away.
“Are you ok?” he asked, reaching his hand to her shoulder.
She looked down at his hand and then pushed it away. He looked confused and as though he would take a step toward her.
“Alpha Alexander,” she began, her voice a little louder than it needed to be, “thank you for your help with that man.”
“Of course,” he replied, still trying to figure out what she was doing.
Selene glanced around and then licked her lips nervously.
“I do appreciate your help, truly, however,” she stated, “it was unnecessary.”
“Selene…” Alexander began, but she gave him no chance.
“In the future, I hope you will remember that I am perfectly capable of handling my own matters, and if for some reason I am not, it is my mate who will aid me. Not you.”
***
Jackson returned from taking the drunk wolf outside. He was tempted to hit him at least once for how he had treated Selene. But he couldn’t leave her unattended for too long, not while Alexander was so close by.
As he entered the ballroom, he saw them standing together. Of course, he couldn’t hear the conversation from this distance, but how close they were to each other was already enough to fuel the fire that raged within his heart.
“Isn’t it lovely?” a familiar voice asked beside him.
Jackson turned to see a smile that was far too wide.
“Holden.”
This was all the greeting that Jackson offered. Holden simply nodded in acknowledgment.
“I heard they went out together this morning on a walk. So perhaps the feud between Winter and Summer will end in matrimony,” Holden whispered with a musical tone in his voice.
Jackson snarled and turned back to face him.
“Selene is my mate!” he growled.
“Oh my goodness… Oh, I am so sorry. I had no idea, none. I meant no offense. Please, just know it was the mindless ramblings of a fool,” Holden replied as he backed away from Jackson, his smile never quite fading.
***
“Alright, ladies and gentlemen, I promise our boring speeches are finally over, but before Alpha Wyatt and I go to bed.” Corrine smiled brightly, looking out into the audience until her eyes landed on Selene.
“Selene darling, come on up here.”
Selene made her way up the stairs to stand between her parents.
Alexander stood beside Galen and Bell in the back of the hall, watching her walk up the stairs. He took another drink from a tray beside him.
“Now, before we go off to bed and allow the rest of you to party all night long,” Corrine paused as cheers filled the halls. “Yes, yes. Anyway, before we go, Jackson has informed us he has a special gift he wishes to give Selene.”
Corrine smiled at Selene, who smiled back and then turned as Jackson appeared from behind her with a large box in his arms.
Selene laughed and then reached to open the box. As the lid was removed, she gasped. She could not hide her reaction as she understood the meaning of his gift.
Jackson set the box on the ground and pulled out the items inside, a hand-carved and strung bow and a set of hand-carved arrows. He smiled at her.
“Selene, my love, I will teach you to wield this bow properly so that today, tomorrow, and every day that follows, we will hunt together.” Jackson smiled lovingly.
Selene embraced him with tears in her eyes. The hall erupted in hollering and cheers.
“What good is a bow and arrow to a wolf,” Alexander scoffed quietly while taking another drink.
“Alexander,” Galen warned.
Bell looked past the handsome wolf to the one that appeared to be pouting beside him. She smiled to herself before stepping closer.
“Perhaps, Alpha Alexander, you don’t understand the meaning behind his gift to her?” she whispered.
Alexander did not respond, taking another sip of his drink. Bell looked up at Galen, who gave her a helpless half-smile. She chuckled.
“Among the customs and traditions of Winter, none are so firmly held as those that relate to mates.” Bell paused, noting that Alpha Alexander stopped moving just as he was about to sip from his glass once more.
“Giving her a handmade weapon displays his devotion to the defense of their home. And promising a shared hunt is a promise to provide for her for the rest of their lives. In the human world, this was the equivalent of officially proposing in front of all her friends and family.”
Alexander looked back up at the woman that was supposed to be his mate, kissing the man she was going to marry under the moonlight of the Goddess who had so-called blessed them all.
“So, this is who she has become,” He stated as he finished off his drink in one deep swallow before saying, “You’re right, I don’t understand this at all.”
Though the party continued for the rest of the night and well into the morning hours.. For the wolves of Summer, their time in Winter had come to an end.









Chapter 14 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“So, I just pull back and then let go?” Selene asked as she pulled back on the bowstring just slightly and let go, watching as the arrow fell to the ground anticlimactically.
Jackson chuckled.
“First, you have to adjust your stance,” he said as he came to stand behind her wrapping his arms around her body, so each hand rested on one side of her waist. Next, he pulled with his left and pushed with his right, just slightly, to align her waist.
She giggled softly as he moved her.


“Next, straighten your back,” he whispered against her ear.
He drew his fingertips from her waist lightly up her spine, sending exhilarating shudders through her.
“Then pull back your shoulders,” he whispered, his mouth pressed lightly to her ear, his hot breath drawing a soft whimper from her.
His hands moved down her neck and traced her collarbone back out to her shoulders. She closed her eyes and enjoyed the touch of his hands on her.
Without meaning to, she had relaxed against his body. His hands moved down her arms and wrapped at her waist. His mouth moved to give her light kisses along the neck.
“You keep saying you need help,” he murmured between kisses, “but I’m starting to think you’re faking it, to get this kind of special attention.”
“Maybe.” She laughed and turned her eyes to him until they met.
Jackson smiled at her. Brushing his lips against her throat once more before turning her around in his arms. He kissed her lips softly, Selene deepened their kiss. Hugging his neck and pulling him down to her. They continued their passionate embrace for a long time before they finally pulled away.
“How can you be the best warrior of Winter despite a complete lack of archery skill?” he laughed.
“You know what they say, don’t blame the student, blame the…” she trailed off, pointing both of her index fingers at him with wide eyes and a big smile.
“Right, right, yea, blame me. But, I mean, it doesn’t matter that I am the best shot in the Pack…right?” Jackson sighed dramatically.
“So, humble he is.” Selene laughed, reaching up and holding his chin in her hands.
“Are you mocking me?” Jackson asked, feigning shock.
“Me? Never!” Selene replied with the same level of ‘shock’.
“You little…get over here!” Jackson shouted as he jumped at her playfully.


Selene jumped away. Jackson chased after her. She hid behind a tree, laughing, jumping away as he got close. They went round and round, giggling just out of reach of each other. Until he finally caught hold of her and spun her around in his arms. They both smiled brightly, looking into each other’s eyes as though they were the only two people in the world.
For the past two weeks, ever since her birthday party, Jackson had taken her out to practice the bow every day. Sometimes they worked hard at it, other times they laughed, and still other times, they kissed.
He had taken more interest in her. He came to training sessions with the pups, asked about the battle tactics she created for her father, he even spent more time with her mother and Axel. Sometimes he would come out and see her on patrol, so she wouldn’t feel lonely.
Selene hadn’t felt so close to Jackson in a long time. It was refreshing and wonderful. As she looked into his eyes, she felt their bond, a warmth in her soul. Something that smoothed away the worry and fear of the rest of life.
“I’m hungry,” she said, smiling up at him.
“Your wish is my command,” he replied, kissing her nose quickly before letting her go to pick up the bow and arrows and put them back in their case.
They sat down to the picnic they had already laid out for themselves. They chatted about this and that. Laughing about the horrified look on Axel’s face when Bell announced that she had relocated all his secret stashes of candies and treats. Then they relaxed, simply enjoying each other’s company in the afternoon sunshine.
It was a beautiful day. The sky was clear, the winds were light. Selene looked down at Jackson, who had closed his eyes and laid down on her lap when they had finished eating.
“Hey,” she whispered.
He opened his eyes and gave her a lazy half-smile.
“Where do you want to go?” she asked.
“I’m good right here.” He smiled as he rolled his head around as though he were getting comfortable against a pillow.
Selene laughed and slapped his arm lightly.
“No, dork, I mean after the wedding. So where do you want to go for our honeymoon?” she smiled brightly at him, trying to guess what his answer might be.
“Honeymoon?” Jackson questioned, looking up at her, “What are you talking about?”
“Our honeymoon,” Selene laughed, “ya know that trip we take for some ‘private time’ after we are actually married?”
Pictures she had seen on television or online flooded her mind as she spoke, images of distant lands.
“We could try someplace sunny, or maybe just warm. It would be strange to go somewhere cold, obviously. Maybe an island? We could try Bali? Or Hawaii?”
“Uh… I mean, we are definitely getting that private time.” Jackson laughed. “But a honeymoon? Are you serious?”
“Why wouldn’t I be?” she laughed uncomfortably.
“You know we aren’t really going to do that, right?” he replied.
“What do you mean?” she said.
Jackson sat up and turned his body to face her. He still smiled at her as though he thought she was really joking.
“It’s just, we don’t do that.”
“What do you mean?’ Selene asked again, no longer smiling.
“Come on, Ash,” he said, taking her hands in his, “you know how strict the rules are on human interaction.”
“Who said anything about human interaction?”
“Babe, come on. Bali? Hawaii? Crawling with humans,” Jackson replied with a raised eyebrow.
Selene looked away.
“There are other places we can go,” she said quietly. “Lots of places.”
“Yea, and they will have humans all over them too.” He sighed.
“We could just ask my dad; I am sure he—”
“It’s not happening, Ash. So let it go,” he interrupted, a trace of irritation in his voice.
Selene knew she should do what he said and let it go. But she just couldn’t help herself.
“So, the rest of our lives, we’re just never going to go anywhere outside the Pack territories?” she asked, not hiding her disappointment.
“Our life is here. Why would we need to go anywhere else?” Jackson reached a hand to the side of her face and petted her gently.
“Don’t you want to see what else is out there? Aren’t you curious?” Selene asked, hoping he would understand, that he would agree.
“Baby, we are going to have a beautiful life together. So let’s focus on that,” Jackson replied.
He smiled at her, that sweet loving smile that always melted her heart. But she couldn’t help feeling like something was missing from it.
“We should hurry. It’s getting late. The girls are probably already waiting for you,” he reminded, standing up from his place on the blanket and reaching a hand to help her up.
On the surface, she returned his smile. Then, she took his hand and popped up beside him. They laughed, and he pulled her close, holding her in his arms.
“I love you, Selene,” he whispered into her hair. She melted into him, letting go of her doubts.
“I love you too, Jackson.”









Chapter 15 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Jackson walked Selene to the door, hugging her once more before letting go.
“Let me know when you’re going to bed.” He smiled.
“We’ll probably be up late.” Selene laughed. “Girl talk, ya know?”
“Still,” Jackson urged, “just let me know.”


“That’s sweet, but really—”
“Is it a problem to let me know?” he interrupted, he still wore the same sweet smile, but it felt different to her.
“Well, no, I just didn’t—” she started to answer.
“Then just do it, ok? It makes me feel better to know you’re getting the rest you need.”
Selene nodded slowly, a little dazed. Then, satisfied with her reply, he winked and blew her a kiss before turning around to head out.
“Well, that was… interesting,” Bell said from the door.
Selene turned just as Renee stepped up behind Bell.
“It was sweet,” Renee said.
“Was it?” Bell asked, keeping her eyes on Selene.
“Yes, it was.” Selene sighed as she walked into the house, pushing past her friends.
They followed her in, and nothing more was said on the subject. Instead, they moved on to talking about the wedding, which Renee was gushing with excitement about.
“I can’t wait to meet my mate!” she cried out with anticipation, hugging herself and spinning in a circle. “It will be so romantic… our eyes will lock, and then boom!”
Both Selene and Bell laughed as their friend danced around the room happily. Renee continued to dream aloud about the magical moment she longed for, how time would slow, music would swell, and the fireworks would light the sky.
“Wait,” Bell interrupted, still laughing, “who brought the fireworks?”
Renee rolled her eyes.


“No, seriously, it’s an important question. I mean, are you carrying around fireworks in your purse at this moment? Or is he? Is that how you know for sure he is your mate? You see this guy with the fireworks in his pocket. And then your like ‘oh my gosh!’ and he’s like ‘oh my gosh!’” Bell offered as she waved her arms around for dramatic effect.
Renee threw a pillow at Bell, who had already fallen over laughing at her own joke. Selene tried to cover her laugh to avoid a face full of feathers as well.
“Selene?” Renee called once she had sufficiently beat Bell with her pillows.
“Yea?” Selene replied.
“What was it like?” Renee asked, hugging her pillow to her chest.
“What?”
“The pull of the mate bonds!” Renee squealed with excitement.
“Dude!” Bell cried out, “Even I know that is crazy personal!”
“Oh, come on, we tell each other everything! Besides, it’s not the first time she has told me about it!” Renee retorted.
“What?!” Bell exclaimed, turning to face Selene. “You told her, but not me!”
Now it was Bell’s turn to go on the attack. Throwing a pillow at both Selene and Renee, the girls rolled around until Selene finally called for a truce.
“Ok, ok! I give up! I’ll tell you!” Selene laughed.
Bell and Renee gave each other a high five before taking seats across from Selene. Renee once more hugged her pillow and beamed with excitement. Bell laid back on her pillow and grabbed one of the bowls of snacks they had prepared.
“Alright, let me think for a moment.” Selene smiled teasingly at her friend. “Gosh, I don’t know if I can remember….”
“Boo!!” Bell called, throwing popcorn at Selene, who only laughed.
“Ok, I remember now. I was training,” Selene began.
“There’s a shock!” Bell stated loudly.
“Do you want to hear this or not?” Selene questioned but also laughed.
“Hush!” Renee said playfully, hitting Bell’s leg.
“Anyway, I was training, and my father had told me there would be new scouts coming from the southern base. Jackson was one of those scouts.” Selene smiled at the memory.
“I was working on my throwing skills at the time, I remember because I was holding a dagger in my hand when I suddenly felt this warmth crawling along my skin. I was so surprised I dropped it,” she laughed.
“Ooooh, warmth crawling along the skin, huh?” Bell teased.
“Am I telling this story, or are you?” Selene asked with a raised eyebrow.
“My bad boo, my bad,” Bell replied before blowing Selene a kiss.
“Anyway, yes, a warmth crawled across my skin, and I felt the urge to look behind me. When I turned around, there he was. He smiled at me, and my heart melted. I felt like I had known him for years and years.” Selene paused, looking down at her fingers before she whispered, “He felt like home.”
She remembered the moment, turning and seeing him, feeling that connection to a man she had never seen before. She never doubted for a moment that she had met her mate. What else could explain the deep tie she felt to him, the closeness and comfort?
“And…” Bell asked, bobbing her head expectantly.
“And… that’s it… that’s the story of when I first felt the mate bond to Jackson…” Selene answered, suddenly feeling as though she were missing something.
“Huh..” Bell muttered.
“What?” Renee asked.
“Nothing, it’s just weird,” Bell answered, glancing at Selene.
“What is?” Selene asked.
“The way you felt. It’s just not what I expected,” Bell said, looking away as though moving the popcorn around in the bowl was suddenly the most exciting activity in the world.
“What do you mean?” asked Renee.
“Nothing. Really,” Bell said, shaking her head and giving a small smile of reassurance.
“You can’t say that the way I felt during one of the most important moments of my life is weird. And then not explain why,” Selene stated, feeling a slight irritation toward her friend.
Bell looked up and held Selene’s gaze for a moment, and Selene saw something strange and unexpected. Pain.
She wanted to ask about it, but before she could, Bell spoke.
“From what I know of the mate bond, it doesn’t sound right,” Bell started, looking away from them out the window.
“The mate bond is primal, based on the wolf side of us,” Bell began, “well, no, not just based on it. The mate bond is a blessing for the wolf. It’s not sweet, romantic, or warm. It’s… fire.”
Her voice was passionate. Her words held a certainty in them that left Selene wondering.
“It’s an obsession. An inferno raging inside of your soul eating away at you until you make that connection,” Bell continued, “It leaves you breathless. And not in that ‘swept away in the moment of it all’ kind of breathless, the suffocating, ‘I can’t breathe!’ kind.”
Bell stopped and took a deep breath as though she were experiencing that feeling herself.
Selene felt uncomfortable as she listened to Bell’s words. It was too familiar, a feeling she had experienced not that long ago.
Just not with Jackson.
“Only when you look into their eyes, finally touch that person, only then can you breathe again. That’s when you realize that they are another half of you, that something deep inside of you wants them with you. No matter who they are.”
Bell finished her words and laid back down against her pillows. She took a long pull from her bottle of coke, which they all knew was half-filled with rum. She refused to make eye contact, instead choosing to return once more to the most exciting bowl of popcorn of all time.
“Bell—” Selene began, only to be interrupted by Renee.
“Whoa!” Renee exclaimed. “Wow, Bell. I know you don’t love traditions, and you think a lot of things like Blessings and apparently the mate bond are ridiculous. But come on… you make it sound like torture or something.”
“I never said I don’t believe in our traditions. My father taught me the ways of Winter when I was little. We celebrated Yule; I agreed to honor the mating traditions if and when I met my mate.”
Bell took a deep breath and then looked out the window once more as though she was holding the gaze of the Goddess herself through the Full Moon that lit up the sky.
“But the mate bond is primal, and it is for our wolves. Which means the Goddess doesn’t always do right by the human in us.”
“What does that mean?” Renee asked.
Bell looked back at Renee and Selene. She took another drink and then held Selene’s gaze once more that shadow of pain crept into view.
“You don’t get to choose your mate, no matter how hard you try.”









Chapter 16 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
After their conversation about the mate bond, Bell had excused herself to the bathroom. When she returned, Renee had already revived the wedding conversation and her dreams of her future mate. Selene couldn’t help but glance over at Bell from time to time, looking for signs of that sadness she had glimpsed.
But it never came back.
Bell smiled and laughed. She made jokes and took part in the conversation just like any other day. Selene wondered if she could have imagined it.
By the end of the night, the girls had fallen asleep watching some romantic comedy Renee had picked out. When Selene woke for her run, she expected to be the only one up, but she noticed Bell’s place on the couch was empty.


After getting ready to go, she stepped out into the cold morning air and found Bell sitting on the porch with a mug in her hand.
“Hey,” Selene called out quietly.
“Hey,” Bell replied with a soft smile.
“Why are you up so early?” Selene asked as she proceeded with her stretching.
“I could ask you the same question,” Bell began, before smiling and continuing, “but I won’t. Because we all know Selene likes to go for a morning run before she goes to her early morning training. Followed by a midmorning workout before her late morning sparring, etcetera, etcetera.”
Selene rolled her eyes. She was used to these kinds of jokes. Bell never understood why she worked as hard as she did at her training and combat skills. For Selene, it was about proving her worth and about being her best for the good of the pack.
“You know you are more than welcome to join me at any point in that schedule,” Selene teased.
“Someday, maybe,” Bell replied quietly.
There it was again. The sadness Selene had glimpsed the night before was back, if only for a moment.
“Bell,” Selene started towards her friend, but she was quickly interrupted when a familiar voice called out to her.
“Selene,” Jackson called.
She turned and found him a few feet away, walking towards her. For just a moment, she found it odd that she hadn’t felt his approach.
“Jackson, what are you doing here?” she asked.
“I missed you.” Jackson smiled as he stepped up beside her and reached for her hand.
She smiled as he took her hand in his and kissed it lightly.


“If you’ll excuse me,” Bell stated as she stood from her chair, “it’s too early in the morning to deal with this level of sweetness.”
She smiled as she walked past them back into the house. Selene stared after her for a moment, considering if she should follow her and find out what it was that seemed to be making her sad. Jackson pulled lightly at her hand, drawing her attention back to him.
“Hey,” he began, “what’s up?”
“What do you mean?” Selene asked.
“Just, you don’t seem happy to see me.” He replied.
“No, of course, I’m happy to see you,” Selene responded with a genuine smile. She reached her arms out and pulled him close into a tightembrace. “I was just surprised.”
“Is that all?” Jackson asked after they each pulled away from the hug.
“What else would there be?” She asked.
“I don’t know, Ash,” Jackson stated, with a seriousness in his expression that left Selene confused.
“What’s going on, Jackson?”
“I just thought you were mad at me, or maybe something was wrong,” his tone was getting aggressive.
“Ok,” Selene replied, feeling uncomfortable with his change in attitude. “But, why? What did I do?”
“I waited up for you,” he answered, holding her attention with his intense gaze, “no call, no text. Nothing.”
Selene couldn’t hold back the awkward chuckle from escaping her.
“Is that all?” she laughed. “I’m sorry, I told you we were going to be up late. I fell asleep while we were watching a movie. I didn’t mean to. I just forgot.”
“It’s not funny to me, Selene,”
She knew he meant it, his tone, eyes, and expression. It all gave her the same bit of information— he was angry.
“I’m really sorry. It was an honest mistake,” Selene replied softly. Taking an unconscious step back from him.
His eyes tracked her movement, and suddenly his entire demeanor changed. First, he laughed, a light, joy-filled laugh. Then, he reached his hands up and grabbed her shoulders playfully.
“Oh Ash, I’m so sorry, I pushed it too far,” he chuckled.
Selene was dumbfounded, unsure what was happening. She couldn’t even find the words to respond.
“I’m sorry, I didn’t scare you, did I? I just wanted to mess with you a little.” Jackson gave her one of those kind smiles she knew so well.
“You’re… not mad?” she asked cautiously.
“No, baby. I’m sorry, really. I didn’t think you would take it so seriously.” He laughed and reached a hand up to her cheek tenderly.
She looked at him carefully. This was the Jackson she knew and loved, playful, cheerful. Of course, he was joking — a bad joke — but it was a joke nonetheless. Selene was left feeling silly for having taken him seriously.
Selene finally smiled back at him.
“I really thought you were serious,” she admitted with an awkward laugh, “now I feel a bit ridiculous.”
Jackson smiled and moved his hand up into her hair, pulling her to him. She braced herself with her hands against his chest as he wrapped his other arm around her waist. He brushed his nose gently against hers and pressed their foreheads together.
“My mate is not ridiculous,” he whispered.
He kissed her softly.
Selene kissed him back once more, feeling that gentle warmth rolling over her skin and filling her senses with his familiarity. Again, she felt herself melting against him, her hands moved up along his chest to wrap around his neck, and she deepened the kiss.
He let her go with a soft growl that sent a thrill up down her spine and had her smiling at him.
“So, how about we go for that run now,” Jackson said, his voice just a bit deeper than usual.
She felt the blush creeping up her face as she nodded her head in agreement and quickly took off from the porch with a laugh.
They ran together for several miles, chatting and laughing as they ran. They talked about the wedding; Jackson was interested in hearing about the details of the ceremony, which pleased Selene greatly.
They stopped for a quick break as they neared the northeastern border, where they found some of the fencings were down. It wasn’t unusual.
This side of the mountain had relatively more wildlife than any other. The bears were particularly destructive to the fence posts.
Jackson got to work picking up the debris while Selene kept tying off what was left. After that, they would send a repair team out to patch it properly, but they couldn’t just leave it open for now.
“A month still feels too long to wait.” Jackson smiled as he handed Selene another plank of wood.
“It’s not long now,” Selene smiled back. “Final details are getting worked out, and it will be here before you know it.”
“Final details, huh? So does that mean all the invitations have been sent out already?” Jackson asked as he piled up the remnants of the fence.
“Not quite. They’ve all been prepared and are ready to be sent, but we are still double checking that no one was missed.”
“I see and are there any surprise guests I should know about this time?” he asked, standing behind her now.
Selene stopped what she was doing. She closed her eyes and took a deep breath before standing and facing him.
“Jackson, you know why Alexander was invited to—” she began.
“Oh,” Jackson interrupted, “it’s just Alexander now? Not Alpha Alexander, you’re close enough now that it’s just Alexander.”
“Of course not. We aren’t close at all, Jackson. You know that!” Selene defended herself.
“Well, actually, Ash, I don’t know that. I still don’t really understand why you invited him, but even more than that, why you didn’t tell me beforehand.” He crossed his arms over his chest as he spoke.
“I’m sorry, I should have told you. I just didn’t think about it,” Selene sighed.
“I was completely blindsided, Selene!” Jackson growled at her.
Selene was surprised by his anger, but some part of her had expected this. It was just happening two weeks later than expected. He had every right to be upset at her, and she knew it. Nevertheless, she wanted to listen, to give him the attention and respect he deserved.
But something was bothering her.
“Jackson,” Selene said quietly.
“Look, Ash, I know, ok, I know you didn’t mean anything by it, and it was diplomacy and all that. I know, but—” Jackson snapped back.
“Jackson!” Selene shouted, finally getting his attention. Although he looked at her in disbelief, she never raised her voice.
“Ash?”
“Jackson, look,” she whispered. Selene stood still but pointed at the remains of the fence. “Look at the fence.”
“Ok? What about it?” Jackson asked, looking in the direction she was pointing.
The debris was scattered around a break in the fence four feet wide, pieces of splintered wood strewn all about.
“It happens all the time, Ash. The bears just tear the fence apart rather than climb over it sometimes. So it’s not a big deal.”
“Where are the claw marks then?” Selene replied quietly.
Jackson took a step closer and knelt beside the debris. Now that she said it, he saw it too. Smooth cuts, splintering from the force of impact.
There were no claw marks. These planks were cut down by weapons.
He turned to tell her what he saw, just in time to see something whiz past him in her direction, but too late to realize it was an arrow.









Chapter 17 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“Selene!” Jackson shouted, trying to warn her.
Selene hissed in pain as she moved just in time, only grazed by the arrow.
She grabbed her arm and cursed as she hit the ground hard. Jackson was beside her in an instant.
“Are you alright?” he asked quickly.


“I’m fine, it stings, but it’s fine,” she answered, looking around them into the trees. “Where are they?”
Jackson looked around, he tried to listen, but the wind around them was picking up.
“I can’t tell. There’s too much wind.”
“We can’t stay here,” she replied quietly, still keeping her eyes on the trees. “There!” she shouted, springing from her place on the ground when she saw just the slightest hint of movement.
As she got to her feet and started running, she began to shift. Something she had practiced many times. It was challenging and painful, but it was the best way to quickly and ruthlessly down an enemy. Which was precisely her style.
Her friends and family never understood why she trained herself so hard and often. She was strong, she was skilled, and she was determined.
But her body lacked the stamina to hold out in a long fight. She trained herself in quick bursts.
Her attacks were fast and lethal, not hesitating to go for vital organs in the first hit. Instead, she found her target and ripped through the flesh and tendons of his throat in one hard snap of her jaws.
She shook the man’s body loose and let it drop to the ground. Another came down at her from above, she moved out of the way. Spinning her body around in time to catch his arm between her teeth. She bit down until she felt the cracking of his bones and then clenched her jaw shut like a bear trap severing the limb.
In the distance, she saw that Jackson had found one of the archers and taken his bow, staying in human form as he fought at range. She counted at least four more assailants hiding among the trees. Two of them were trapped by Jackson’s inescapable reach, but the other two tried to make their way around the trees to sneak up behind him.
Selene ran as fast as she could to the one closest to her. She tackled him to the ground, biting at him, but he managed to hold her away from his body, though it was a struggle. Then, finally, she saw a dagger at his waist and took a gamble.
She shifted on top of him, her wolf form quickly turning back to her human form. He was distracted enough that she could reach down and grab the dagger. Immediately she plunged it into the side of his neck and twisted it before pulling it back out.
Selene looked back up at Jackson, just in time to see him thrust an arrow upwards into the bottom of the second man’s jaw. An arrow landed in the snow beside her. The two men, previously trapped by Jackson, were now trying to take back control.
As Jackson returned fire, Selene snarled and charged toward the man who tried to shoot her at high speed. She reached him, and with the full force of her speed, she gripped him by the throat and pinned him straight to the ground.
He let out a sickening gurgle as she crushed his windpipe. Selene felt an arrow glide past her, and she followed its trajectory with her eyes to find the man whose arm she had torn off. The arrow found purchase in his left eye socket. He stumbled and then tumbled forward, pushing it the rest of the way through his skull.


She looked back in the direction the arrow had come from. There stood Jackson still holding his bow in the ready position. Then, finally, he put it down and looked at her.
“We need to find you some clothes,” he said, turning away from her.
Selene was confused until she looked down and suddenly felt tense. She was used to wearing her armor in actual combat, armor with a skin mesh laid into it. But her running clothes, which were now shreds of fabric strewn about the bodies, did not have any kind of skin mesh. So there she stood over a dead body, naked and covered in blood.
Quickly she took the coat of the dead man’s body. Then, covering herself up, she hurried past Jackson.
“You need something more than that!” he called after.
“I know!” she shouted back. “Just look around and make sure there aren’t any others!”
Selene was suddenly very glad she had so many hidden duffels around the Winter territory.
***
When Jackson and Selene made it back to the Northern Base, they were shocked to find people in a frenzy. On their way into the main building where Alpha Wyatt was stationed, they overheard that there had been several attacks. Different sections of the border across the entire
Winter territory had similar experiences.
“Well, it seems you two found yourselves a bit of fun,” called a deep voice from behind them.
They turned to find a large man, the same height as Jackson, but shoulders a bit wider, neck thicker. Again, those same pale blue eyes and dark hair, though styled properly in Viking fashion with five twisted braids tied in a knot, led to one loose braid in the back.
“Beta Richard,” Selene greeted her almost father-in-law with a warm smile.
“Always a pleasure, Selene.”
“What are you doing here, Father?” Jackson asked with concern.
“These skirmishes are everywhere, Son. Not just the northern territories are being attacked. As the Alpha’s representative in the southern territory, I am here to report and receive orders.”
Jackson’s father was the Beta of Winter, the second to Alpha Wyatt. While they would work closely together in most packs with a constant united front, that was not the case in Winter. The territory and her people were too large to be housed in one area.
Winter was divided between the Northern and Southern territories. Alpha Wyatt still ruled overall, but Beta Richard oversaw the day-to-day in the South and reported any concerns to Wyatt.
“How bad is it?” Jackson asked.
“Not very,” Richard replied smiling, “I am mostly here because of the number of attacks, and clearly, it is not an isolated event.”
“Let’s go see my father,” Selene offered.
Richard looked her over and chuckled.
“Selene, while I appreciate your enthusiasm. Perhaps Jackson and I should report to Alpha Wyatt, I don’t mean to be rude, but you stink of the rogue wolves.”
Selene looked down; she wore a tracksuit, but she was still covered in the blood of the men that had attacked.
“Right,” she laughed, “I will get washed up and then join you.”
Selene turned and headed in the direction of the showers. Jackson and his father continued down the hall until they were stopped once more by another familiar voice.
“Jackson! Jackson!” Bell shouted as she ran towards him.
“Whoa, whoa, Bell.” Jackson stopped her as she ran straight into him. His father gave the nod and then continued on his way.
“Sorry,” she gasped out as she tried to catch her breath. “Someone… saw you… and Ash… covered in blood.”
She coughed as she gasped to catch her breath.
“Breathe. We are fine,” Jackson said, patting her back. “I need to go and report to Alpha Wyatt. We’ll find you after, ok?”
“No, wait!” Bell called, grabbing his arm. “Are you hurt?”
“No, I’m fine.”
“What about Selene? Where is she? They said she was covered in blood.”
“We’re both fine, seriously. Scratches at most,” Jackson answered, trying to leave once more.
Bell grabbed his arm.
“Where!” she shouted, pulling at him.
He ripped his arm back, irritated now.
“Bell! Seriously, I am fine. I need to go report to the Alpha!” he shouted.
“You don’t understand!” Bell shouted, pulling him. “Our people have serious injuries, they seem like nothing at first, but the invaders coated their weapons in wolfsbane!”
Jackson was stunned. Wolfsbane was deadly to all the wolves. So much so that even if a pack went to war against another, they would not use it. The risk of accidental deaths on their own side was too high.
“Jackson!” Bell shouted, getting his attention once more. “You said scratches, show me.”
“No, I didn’t get them from a weapon. I was out of range most of the time.”
“What about Selene?” Bell asked.
“No, she was fine, she—” Jackson started to answer when a flash of memory came to him, an arrow whizzing past him at the start of the fight. Selene had grabbed her arm then. “Oh, Goddess…”
“Jackson, where is she?” Bell demanded.
“She went to get cleaned up, the showers!” he shouted after Bell, who was already running, before finishing his sentence.
Bell raced down the hallways pushing past anyone in her way. She shoved open the doors to the showers. She could hear the water running from several stalls.
“Selene!” she called out as she walked down the row of individual showers.
No answer.
“Selene, are you—” Bell stopped as she rounded the corner to see an arm sticking out from underneath a shower curtain.
Bell ran forward, pulling the curtain aside to find Selene unconscious with the water spilling over her.









Chapter 18 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
It had been almost two weeks since the attacks had begun.
The first wave had been across the territory at unpredictable points in the border defenses. While none of the attacks were particularly effective in causing any real damage to Winter as a whole, they had injured or killed many people. Several of the wounded had died before it was discovered that wolfsbane had been used.
Selene had been lucky. Though she was unconscious for two days and bedridden for more than a week, she had survived. The wolfsbane had entered from the wound on her arm. It shouldn’t have spread as quickly as it did, but her shifting had moved it along in her system. By the time Bell found her, it had almost made its way into her heart.
She did as she was told. Bell made sure of it. But it was killing her to stay at home safe while her pack members were fighting on the borders.


Jackson had been by each day to check on her. Though she spent most of their time together trying to get reports on the skirmishes around the territory.
Selene paced back and forth in her living room.
Jackson was supposed to be here by now; he was half an hour late. He was never late. She couldn’t help but wonder if there had been another attack.
The door finally opened.
“Finally! What happened? Was there— Father?” Selene corrected herself when she saw it was not Jackson who entered the room.
Looking him over, she noticed that he was still wearing his coat, boots, and weapons. He wasn’t ‘home’. He was here officially.
Quickly Selene dropped to one knee and placed her fist to her heart, bowing her head.
“Apologies, my Alpha.”
“Let’s end the formalities there.” Wyatt smiled, reaching a hand to her.
Selene smiled and took his hand to get up.
“But you are here officially? So this isn’t just you coming home or checking in on me,” she asked excitedly.
“Can’t it be both?” Wyatt laughed. “You are my daughter, but you are also one of my best warriors and berserkers.”
Selene couldn’t help the pride she felt at her father’s words.
Every pack had its military system, its ranks, and styles. Within Winter, the women usually stayed within their branch of warriors, the shield maidens, at most rising to the highest rank of valkyrie.
But the berserker rank was reserved for the most elite warriors in Winter. Either man or woman could take the title. The training was grueling, and it was a constant struggle to maintain the position. To receive the rank, one had to take it from someone already holding it.


Selene had reached berserker more than a year ago. She had been challenged no less than fifteen times in that year.
“Tell me what is happening,” Selene said. She sat and invited Wyatt to do the same. “Jackson has shared some, but only what he has experienced himself. Bell won’t share any information. She only tells me to rest.”
“She’s not wrong.” Wyatt laughed.
“Father!” Selene complained.
“Oh, come on, Bell is a good girl. If she didn’t keep you from running out to the battlefield, she wouldn’t be doing her job as a doctor.”
“But, I’m fine. I have been fine!” Selene shouted.
Alpha Wyatt growled at her outburst.
“Sorry,” she whispered.
“Selene, I don’t think you understand,” Wyatt sighed sadly. “We thought you were gone.”
Selene looked up at her father. Only now did she realize how fragile he looked.
“When Bell found you, your heart had stopped. The poison hadn’t infiltrated your heart yet, but the damage was already taking its toll. The only reason you are still with us is that that girl directly infused you with her own blood in that shower until help arrived to assist her.”
She didn’t know that. No one had told her.
“But, she could have died,” Selene replied quietly.
“Yes,” he answered bluntly.
Selene sat back in her chair, stunned. Wyatt reached a hand to her knee.
“We all owe her a debt.” He smiled, Selene nodded in return.
“But, that is not why I am here.”
Selene sat up, once more shedding her position as his daughter and returning to the role of a pack member.
“These attacks were sudden. They may not have been strong or highly organized on the battlefield. Still, they were random,” Wyatt began, “but they were coordinated.”
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“Looking at it from the fighting perspective, up close and personal. There is nothing special, they were easily defeated, and we were never in danger of being overrun.”
He sighed, taking a breath and leaning forward in his chair.
“But from the perspective of a battle master, this was a test run. They were spread out, testing our strength, attacking the left as we looked to the right.”
“Checking our disbursement patterns, reinforcement strategies, even our recovery times,” Selene replied as the weight of what he was saying became clear to her.
He nodded.
“Then who is behind this? Is it one of the other packs?” she asked.
“It’s unlikely. The Alphas have all spoken. Every pack has faced similar attacks over the past two weeks. Though it does seem that Summer and Winter have taken the brunt of the attacks, we also have the largest territories.”
“It makes sense.” She nodded.
“It has been four days since anyone has had an attack. However, today we all agreed that none of us believe this threat is over. As such, Alpha Tomas of Autumn made a suggestion, one that after much thought, I have decided you will be a part of.”
“Me?” Selene questions.
“Yes, it will be an interchange of sorts, a sharing of knowledge between all the packs. First, representatives from each pack will be selected for specific areas of expertise. Then, they will come together with members of the other packs and build a cohesive strategy we can use to defeat this threat to us all,” Wyatt explained.
“It sounds like a good idea, so long as all the packs do their part,” she replied, “but I don’t understand. What part am I supposed to play in this?”
“I have selected you as one of our representatives. You will be responsible for sharing aspects of our attack and defense plans and tactics,” he answered with a smile.
“Wow,” she was stunned once more. “I… I don’t know what to say.”
Wyatt laughed and nodded his head. “Yes, I thought that might be your reaction. So we will talk more about it. But before that, there is one more matter we need to discuss.”
***
Jackson was working on restringing a bow when he felt her coming. He smiled. Placing the bow down, he quickly turned and wrapped his arms around her, lifting her into the air. Selene’s laughter was his reward.
“Ok, ok, put me down now,” she giggled.
He placed her on the ground but did not remove his hands from their position wrapped around her. He had missed her.
“Are you going to let me go?” she questioned with a laugh.
“Never,” he whispered before kissing her softly. “I love you.”
She wrapped her arms around his neck and smiled up at him, giving him a quick kiss.
“I love you too,” she replied.
“I have missed you so much,” he said, pressing his forehead against hers.
“I missed you too, though I did see you yesterday, ya know,” she laughed.
“Yes, but that was a sick visit. I don’t like those.” Jackson pouted dramatically. “No more of those. Ever, got it?”
“I’m sorry, that’s a promise neither of us is capable of making.” She smiled.
“I suppose that is true.” He sighed.
“Look, there is something we need to talk about,” Selene said in a significant tone.
Jackson pulled back just enough to look her in the eyes.
“What’s wrong?” he asked, beginning to panic. “Are you ok? Should I call Bell?”
Jackson looked around, seeing someone not too far from them. He let her go and started to call out to him, but Selene stopped him.
“Sshhh, no, no, I am fine,” she reassured him.
“Then what is it?” he asked.
“My father came to see me today, in his official capacity,” she began. “he told me about this plan he and the other Alpha’s have come up with.”
“The exchange?” Jackson asked.
“Yes, did he speak with you about it?” Selene asked.
“My father did. Just the broad strokes for now. But he said that I am likely to be the representative for ranged tactics and defense,” he replied.
“That makes sense. I am also going to be a representative, for—”
“I’m sorry,” Jackson interrupted, “Is this really what you wanted to talk about? Because it seemed like something, I don’t know, more personal?”
Selene swallowed nervously.
“Well, no, not exactly,” she answered. “But, it’s all related. As I said, I’ve been chosen, and it looks like you have been too, right?”
Jackson nodded.
“Ok, well, that means that we are both going to be busy. I mean, this is a big deal. We’ve never done this before. We have to travel to the other packs. We need to build trust and figure out how to—”
“Ash, come on, what are you getting at?” Jackson asked, taking her hand in his and squeezing it affectionately.
Selene looked at him carefully and swallowed down her nerves once more.
“Ok, I’m just going to say it,” she said.
Jackson nodded with a reassuring smile.
“Jackson, we can’t get married.”









Chapter 19 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“Why should we participate in this?” asked the brown-haired man sitting at the end of the table.
“What do we gain?” questioned the woman across from him.
The room erupted into more questions and angry statements, ten men and women all arguing the same point. None wanted to participate in the exchange of strategies between packs.
“That is enough!” shouted Galen, silencing the group as he entered the room. “Stand at attention for your Alpha!”


Each man and woman immediately stood from their chair, placing their fist to their heart, their head bowed. Alexander entered the room. Without so much as a glance at those gathered, he walked directly to his chair.
“Sit,” he instructed.
“Yes, Alpha,” they all replied in unison, taking their seats once more.
Galen handed him a prepared folder with documents inside as he sat beside Alexander.
“How long since the last attack?” Alexander asked no one specific.
“There have been reports of individual attackers at the southern border along the river. And in the west towards the mountains. But no reports of group attacks in close to a week.” stated the brown-haired man.
“Have repairs been made to all the border posts that were assaulted?”
“Sir, we took very little damage in the assaults. We have patched and repaired at every outpost. We have also sent scouts along every border to investigate any potential weak points that could be taken advantage of. So far, there have been two identified, and both have been reinforced.”
Alexander glanced up from the documents in front of him, first looking out at the men and women gathered, then specifically at the woman that had just given her report. He raised an eyebrow before turning to Galen.
“Did you already receive this report?” he asked.
“No, Alpha,” Galen sighed, knowing what would come next.
Alexander looked back to the reporting wolf.
“You said, ‘so far’, right?” he asked.
She looked back to Galen, who shook his head, signaling that she had already made a mistake.
“Are you reporting to Beta Galen or me?” Alexander asked, a coldness seeping into his voice.


“You, sir. Alpha, sir,” she replied nervously.
“Then keep your eyes here, and answer my question,” he growled.
“Yes, Alpha, I… I did say ‘so far’”
“That implies there are more to be found,” Alexander stated.
“Well, I don’t suspect we will find any, sir, but I can’t guarantee it,” she replied.
“Why not?” Alexander asked with a dark smile.
She looked at him carefully before answering.
“Because I don’t know—”
“You don’t know….” Alexander repeated icily. “Galen, how many weak points are there in our borders?”
Galen cleared his throat before answering.
“The southern border is roughly three miles across with a mile of river; there are four weak points, including the river itself. The northern border has six, eastern has three. The western border along the mountain is ten miles of rough terrain but still holds two weak points.”
Galen took a deep breath and looked at the woman with pity before continuing.
“Within our territory, there are fifteen weak points along our borders, though I suspect the two along the western border have now been ‘fixed’…”
The woman stared horrified at Galen. Alexander let out a growl, causing her to look back at him. His grey eyes were shrouded in darkness yet still somehow held an unnatural glow to them. She felt the hitch in her breath and wondered if today was her last.
“What is your name?” he asked.
“Cl… Clara,” she replied timidly.
“Why are you here, Clara?” he snarled.
“To report the damage to the border defenses,” she answered desperately, fighting not to turn away from him.
“I meant, you are not the person I assigned this task to!” he growled once more, “So, why are you here?”
She couldn’t stop herself from flinching.
“I… When my commander was reviewing the border defenses, I noticed one of these weak points…” she began, trying her best to get it all out in one go. “I took it upon myself to investigate it further. Finally, I gave my report to my commander. He suggested that I be the one to report it to you, Alpha.”
Alexander growled and leaned back in his chair, rubbing his temple in frustration.
“Little Clara, you are not ready for this table,” he whispered to himself. Only Galen was able to hear the words. “Galen.”
Galen nodded, turning his attention to Clara.
“Clara, weak points in the borders are strategically placed.” Galen began. “When an enemy sends scouts to find ways to enter our territory, they will find what they seek, but only where we want them to.”
Clara gasped in understanding.
“Our defenses are the strongest of any pack, but they are that way because our Alpha and every pack member at this table work hard to make it so.”
“I didn’t know,” Clara whispered.
“You weren’t supposed to.” Galen smiled. “Patrols and sentries at the outposts are arranged in a way that makes sure these weak points are heavily monitored, quietly. Your commander, however, would have known.”
“Enough,” Alexander growled. “Clara, you have no reason to be here. Go, return to your duties.”
Clara immediately gathered her things. Then, as she stood to leave, she awkwardly attempted to salute Alexander, spilling papers on the floor.
“I’m so sorry,” she whispered as she picked them up before running out the door.
A few giggles were heard toward the opposite end of the table. Alexander’s eyes snapped up immediately.
“Was something funny about what just happened?” he growled.
“No, Alpha,” the room replied in unison.
“Continue the reports,” he said.
Each person at the table reported on the tasks given and received new orders for the next hour.
“I believe that is all that was meant to be reported on today. Is there anything else that needs discussion?” Alexander asked uninterestedly.
There were glances and whispering, but no one spoke up. Alexander found this lack of spine more irritating than any question they could have posed.
“Be heard or be silent!” Galen roared. “Our Alpha has permitted you to raise questions, take the opportunity or let it go. But do not waste our time.”
“I don’t think this plan to give our defense tactics to the other packs is wise,” stated the wolf at the end of the table.
“I agree. I don’t see how it will benefit us,” said another.
“We have nothing to learn from the other packs. They just want our strategies. So why should we help them?”
There was a murmur of agreement. Alexander laughed, drawing all eyes to him.
“If you truly believe that you have nothing to learn from the other packs, you are a fool,” he spat. “There is always more to learn from an ally or enemy. It may not seem worth it to you now, but you have no idea what the future holds.”
He stood and walked the length of the table behind each committee member as he spoke.
“Our defenses are the best of any other pack. That is, without question, true,” Alexander stated. “But what about information gathering and scouting? Or the things our people need aside from the military?”
Alexander looked at the people sitting around the table, they weren’t convinced, but they were listening.
“Spring, to a concerning degree, has a knack for gathering information. Their scouts are trained in a way that helps them identify things we would never think to look for.
Autumn, while their tactics and general moral standard leave something to be desired, they provide for their people. They have built a standardof living that is unrivaled by any of the other packs.”
Alexander looked away from them, glancing out the window before continuing.
“These are things we need. That will help us continue to be the strongest of all the packs. Summer is strong, but we do have room to grow.”
“And what of Winter?” asked the woman seated beside Galen. “Alpha, forgive me, but I will be honest. Why should we aid Winter when they refused to aid us at the time we most needed it?”
“Yes, and while you may be right about the things we could learn from Spring and Autumn, Winter boasts military strength, just like us. So what can they offer us to outweigh the dishonor of working with them?” added the brown-haired man.
Alexander growled at the word dishonor. He knew it would be a problem; he had fought against these accords for this exact reason. Working with Winter was not something he could convince his people was worth the personal cost.
“I will tell you this, the agreement was for all four packs. There was no picking and choosing,” Alexander answered truthfully. “However, I did speak with Alpha Wyatt, and he agreed that for our two people to consent to this exchange, there would need to be an added incentive.”
They all were at attention now, each wondering what he could mean.
“For Winter, the request was, frankly, easy. I had already intended to be the representative of Summer to train the others. But nevertheless, Wyatt requested precisely that, myself as the one to teach their representative.
Galen will aid me in training all the representatives, but my focus will be on a specific member of Winter.”
“That’s still only a benefit to them! And honestly, it feels insulting to have our Alpha personally training one of theirs!” snarled the brown-haired man who had spoken before.
“Watch your tone!” Galen snarled back.
“It’s fine,” Alexander said, touching Galen’s shoulder.
“What we get is two representatives, one whose focus is learning the defense tactics we are willing to share, and the other that will be with me.” Alexander replied, “This person is the incentive.”
“Who are they?” asked the woman.
“I don’t know or care,” Alexander replied. “It’s not the who that matters. It’s what.”
Murmuring rose from the table once more. Alexander turned away from them and smiled as he spoke.
“There is one thing that Winter has in military strength, Summer does not. Something we have tried to replicate and have never succeeded.”
They looked around at each other, wondering what he meant. The woman beside Galen was the first to understand. She looked to him for confirmation; Galen nodded with a smile.
“A berserker?”









Chapter 20 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“Well, that was a bit dramatic,” Galen commented after the room had cleared, leaving only himself and Alexander.
“Did you expect anything less?” Alexander replied, leaning back over his chair to stretch his spine.
“Not really,” Galen answered. “Though, you probably could have gone easier on that Clara girl.”
“Why?” Alexander asked.


“It wasn’t exactly her fault,” Galen said as he gathered the leftover documents around the table.
“That reminds me, see to it that her commander is given extra patrols for a month and a rotation on latrines,” Alexander said.
“Latrines?” Galen looked at him questioningly. Alexander only nodded in reply.
“But that rotation is four ranks below his own….”
“He sent her to this meeting as a joke. He wasted my time and her efforts. He is lucky I am letting him keep his rank.” Alexander growled.
“Understood.”
“One more thing,” Alexander said, “make sure Clara is enrolled in the Strategic Planning program.”
“That starts soon, maybe a month or so. It’s probably already full,” Galen replied.
“Do I need to explain what ‘make sure’ means?” Alexander asked with raised eyebrows at his friend.
“Of course not, Alpha,” Galen replied with sarcastic vigor. He smiled to himself; it had been a long time since Alexander had shown interest in someone’s career.
Getting her into a specific program meant he saw something he wanted to cultivate in her. She had a future only Alexander could see.
Galen knew from this day forward; Alexander would make sure she had everything she needed to reach that future.
“Shut up,” Alexander replied to the look of contentment on Galen’s face.
“I didn’t say anything.” Galen defended.
“Didn’t have to,” replied Alexander, getting up from his chair when Galen finished tidying the room. “You know you don’t need to do that, right? Someone is standing outside this room waiting to come in and clean up when we finish these meetings.”


Galen furrowed his brows and opened the door. He looked to the left and then to the right. There stood a young man with a garbage can and various cleaning supplies smiling at them as they left the room.
Alexander chuckled.
“For more than two years, you have seen me tidy up that room after every meeting, and you waited until now to tell me about this?” Galen asked as they walked down the hallway.
“You are the Beta of this entire pack; how do you not know that already?” Alexander laughed.
“Whatever.” Galen rolled his eyes.
They continued walking in relative silence for about five minutes before they reached Alexander’s office. Once they stepped inside, Alexander immediately went to his desk and opened the laptop. Galen shut the door and turned to ask the questions he didn’t ask during the meeting.
“How did you get Alpha Wyatt to agree to the berserker training?” Galen asked with a glint in his eye that showed his excitement about the subject.
“It was his suggestion,” Alexander replied.
“Really?”
It was odd to hear this. Galen couldn’t help but wonder what could have motivated Alpha Wyatt to make such an offer.
“As I said, we both knew there would need to be something more between our people for this to work. So he reached out after the first alpha meeting.”
Alexander paused, typing a quick response to an email before looking up at Galen and finishing his story.
“He said that the only thing he wanted in return was for me to have a one-on-one exchange of training with the berserker he sends.”
“Why you?” Galen asked, quickly adding, “I know you’re the best, but with the animosity….”
Alexander smiled coldly.
“He said that while we may have our differences, he knows I am honor-bound to fulfill my end of the deal.”
“I see,” Galen replied. It was true. Alexander was strongly driven by his sense of honor. It was a core part of every wolf of Summer and the reason for the feud with Winter.
Alexander turned his attention back to the screen before him. Galen decided to push his luck a little further.
“So, who is Winter sending?” he asked as nonchalantly as he could.
Alexander looked up at him with a raised brow.
“You don’t know?” Galen inquired.
“Not her,” Alexander stated, returning to the email he had previously been reading.
“How do you know?”
“I just do.”
“So, you do know who’s coming?”
“No,” Alexander replied with irritation. “I just know it won’t be her.”
“Did you ask about her?” Galen questioned.
“Of course not.”
“Then how do you know?”
“Galen!” Alexander shouted.
“Alexander!” Galen shouted back. Eliciting a low snarl from Alexander, telling him that he had pushed it too far. He quickly added, “Sorry.”
Alexander huffed and then once more returned to his email.
“I just meant that if you didn’t ask and don’t know who is—”
“She’s getting married!” Alexander interrupted angrily.
Galen was surprised but recovered quickly. “I know, but—”
“No! She is getting married the night the representatives are scheduled to arrive. Which means I know she won’t be here because she will be in Winter marrying someone else!” Alexander hollered as he picked up the laptop and threw it across the room, shattering it against the wall.
Galen let out a deep sigh.
“I really wish you’d stop doing that,” he groaned quietly.
***
It had been agreed that the night of the full moon was the most auspicious time to begin the swap. The Goddess would surely bless their actions and help them succeed in the coming weeks.
The exchange was divided into two rounds; the first was to be hosted by Summer and Spring. They would receive representatives from the other packs and host them for two weeks. At that point, Autumn and Winter would take over the hosting duties.
For Alpha Alexander, this meant that he would be working closely with the berserker from Winter for the next month. They would train together first in defense. Then travel together to Winter, where the berserker would take the lead in training.
In the days leading to the full moon, the wolves of Summer had prepared a feast to honor the moon and welcome the representatives. Though they did not like the idea of the exchange, a wolf of Summer, once committed, was honor-bound to do their best.
They had gathered to send their two representatives to Spring in the morning. Though the original plan had been only for one to go, Alexander had decided it would be a good opportunity for Clara to learn from the wolves of Spring.
Now it was late in the afternoon; the scouts had reported the arrival of the representatives within the hour.
Alexander and Galen stood waiting to receive their guests.
The first to arrive was a dark green jeep. The representative of Spring stepped out. A woman dressed in a long blue dress, her make-up was glamorous, and her hair was done up in a bouffant style that reminded Alexander of the old movies his mother watched.
She took a puff from the vape pen in her hand, releasing the vapors into the air before she approached him.
“Alpha Alexander, a pleasure to make your acquaintance.” Placing her hand to her heart tenderly, she bowed gracefully, smiling as she did so.
“And you are?” Alexander replied, uninterested.
“Offended by how little you care to know me.” She smiled.
He tilted his head, considering her for a moment.
“So, they sent a spy to learn defense tactics?”
“I’m no spy!” she giggled, raising two fingers to the air and winking. “Scout’s honor!”
“A scout then,” Alexander replied, holding back the urge to roll his eyes.
“Bingo, baby.” She laughed. “I may not be all rough and tumble like the rest of you boys and girls, but I am trained to spot danger a mile away. So adding knowledge of defense tactics to my repertoire seems a good way to earn my keep.”
“But will you be able to handle the physical demands of the training? It isn’t just theory and border patrol.” Galen asked.
“I can definitely handle any physical demands you’d like to throw my way, sugar.” she purred as she looked Galen up and down.
“You did not give us your name,” Alexander stated.
She smiled once more before finally answering, “Alice.”
“Welcome to Summer, Alice,” he said, sounding more or less bored. He motioned for a woman standing nearby. “Please show Alice to her quarters.”
“Brushed off just like that.” Alice laughed before turning to the woman assigned to lead her away. She smiled down at her before adding, “Oh, you’re gonna be fun, I can tell.”
Alice chuckled to herself before disappearing around a corner.
Two cars pulled up; the first was a red sports car that revved its engine for no apparent reason before parking. The second was a grey SUV. Alexander knew immediately which pack each vehicle belonged to.
Of course, the Autumn pack member was first to exit their vehicle, the red sports car. A man stepped out; he was on his phone, laughing and talking. He held his hand up to the wolf approaching him for his bags.
Alexander looked a little closer at this man. He seemed familiar.
Brown, short hair that was cut just above the ears. Tall and slender, with a weak chin and a pointy nose.
He laughed. It was an obnoxious sound.
Finally, he put away his phone. He turned to the wolf that had approached him. She reached for his bag, and he lifted her chin to look at him. Alexander couldn’t hear what he said, but it was disgusting from the expression on her face.
He recognized him then.
A growl rose from his belly into his throat.
“Alexander?” Galen asked with concern.
“It’s the idiot from the party. The one that put his filthy hands on her,” Alexander snarled under his breath.
Galen’s eyes widened as he looked over to the man. Alexander was right.
“I got this. You greet Winter.” Galen whispered as he walked past Alexander and intercepted the idiot already on his way.
Alexander turned away from them. He was already on edge. Closing his eyes, he took a deep breath.
Miles and miles away, he knew his mate was preparing to marry another wolf. So this idiot arriving as a reminder of her in any way was not welcome.
He heard the car door closing. He took another deep breath and opened his eyes, preparing to greet his berserker. But instead finding the one person that could unravel him.
“Selene?” he whispered out loud.









Chapter 21 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Selene was left at the door of her room. The attending wolf had not been rude, but he had not been particularly kind either.
“Colder than Winter lands, these wolves.”
Selene looked over to the man who was staying in the room next to hers, he was the pack member she had traveled with. His name was Saul.
She didn’t know him well, he was an older man, greying around the edges. They had trained in many of the same areas but had never worked directly


together.
“I don’t suspect our people will welcome them with any more warmth,” she replied with a smile.
He grunted a chuckle and nodded before entering his room.
Selene opened her door and gasped in surprise as she looked around the room. The entire place had been decorated in the style of Winter, with furs and leathers. Even the decorations on the wall were primarily constructed of old wood and metal.
A familiar painting stuck out to her. It was an image of Odin and his wolves, more commonly known to the people of Winter as Alpha Geri and Beta Freki, the founders of Winter. She touched it with a smile.
After she unpacked her bag and got settled in, she found there were still a few hours until sundown. The feast and welcoming ceremony wouldn’t begin before that.
“I can’t just sit here,” she told herself. Selene understood sitting still for too long led her mind back to the topic of Jackson, or worse, Alexander.
He had looked so shocked to see her, and though she had expected to see him, she still had felt overwhelmed by him once their eyes had met.
Selene shook her head. She needed to stop thinking of him.
Opening the door of the closet she had just put her clothes into, she pulled out her sparring gear and quickly changed. She knocked on Saul’s door but there was no answer; she suspected he had decided to take a shower.
While she would have preferred to spar with someone she knew, she did not doubt that she would be able to find someone willing to spar with her.
It didn’t take Selene long to find the training grounds. Summer was known for their military and training. The center of their culture was the military, as such, they developed the rest of their society around it.
The training grounds were large and impressive. Selene was able to identify fields for training ranged weapons, shifted attacks, and an obstacle course. There was more she didn’t recognize, but one thing that astonished her was the number of automated devices. She watched a turret spring up from the ground as a wolf jumped from platform to platform avoiding the shots.
“Amazing,” she whispered to herself.
“Is there something I can help you find?” a kind and familiar voice asked from behind her.


Selene turned to find the man that she had seen Bell dancing with at her birthday party, Alexander’s Beta.
“You’re…?” Selene replied quietly, trying to remember his name.
“Galen, my Luna,” he smiled, lightly touching his chest and bowing slightly.
The action sent a wave of panic through her. A salute from the chest or even a small nod could be seen as no big deal. One was a sign of respect, the
other a sign of trust. A salute that used both were reserved for saluting an Alpha, or his Luna.
“My apologies. I had no right,” Galen whispered quickly, noticing her reaction.
Selene looked around, making sure no one else saw them before she looked back at him.
“So, you know?” she asked.
Galen nodded.
“Then you also know that there will never be a need for that greeting,” she growled at him.
Galen smiled before asking, “Was there something you were looking for?”
“I was thinking of trying to find a sparring session before the festivities,” she replied.
“I see,” he said looking past her at the training grounds, “building B, it’s not far. You will find a good sparring partner there.”
“Thank you,” she replied before turning to walk away.
“If I may,” he called out, drawing her attention.
“Yes?”
He came close to her and lowered his voice.
“Since you refuse the title, I will assume that means I can speak freely as I would to any other wolf,” he smiled. “All I wish to say is that never is a very long time.”
Galen turned and walked away before Selene had a chance to formulate a reply.
“Ass!” she thought to herself. “Didn’t Bell say this guy was nice? A total sweetheart? Bull!”
Selene stomped off towards building B, she kept thinking about how irritated she was until she had already passed through the doors. She saw locker rooms to either side of her and a door that led to the sparring grounds.
She went straight for it, pulling the door roughly.
‘Whoever is in here better be ready, I have some pent-up energy to let loose on someone.’
That was her thought at least until the door opened. That was when her mind was filled with his scent, his warmth.
Her head snapped up to see Alexander standing across the room staring back at her. Even from this distance, she could see that he was covered in sweat. She looked past him where a human form punching dummy had served as his sparring partner.
“What are you doing here?” he asked.
“I was looking to get in some sparring,” she replied honestly. “Galen directed me here. I didn’t know you were using this room.”
“Galen did,” Alexander laughed.
“Oh…” Selene replied awkwardly. “I’m sorry, I’ll go.”
She started to back away through the door.
“Why?” he said.
The tone of his voice was easygoing, but with the look in his eye, she recognized the fight to push down their bond immediately.
“This is awkward,” Alexander started with a laugh. “But we have to work closely over the next month, so why not start now?”
“I guess you’re right,” she replied, still wondering if it was truly alright.
“Wonderful, then why not start this partnership by beating the living hell out of each other?” Alexander asked with a mischievous smile and a raised brow.
Selene couldn’t help but feel a twinge of excitement. As a berserker, she knew she was a capable warrior, but Alexander’s reputation said he was as well.
‘This could be fun,’ she thought to herself, returning his mischievous grin before launching herself at him.
***
Jackson was looking out the window of the SUV as he passed into the borders of Spring. He was amazed by the world he was entering. It wasn’t his first time outside of Winter, but it still shocked him not to see snow everywhere. Instead, there were flowers of every color, and trees full of fruits he had never seen before.
It was beautiful. He wondered what Selene would think of this place. His heart clouded over at the thought. He hadn’t seen her the past few days.
After she had decided to postpone their wedding, again, he couldn’t contain his anger. He had gone with a hunting party into the southern woods for several days. When they returned, his father had his assignment for the exchange already prepared.
He would go to Spring, where he would learn about their scouting techniques. After two weeks he would return to Winter and give lessons on ranged defenses.
Selene had sought him out, she asked if he had received his assignment. His response had been to ignore her.
He regretted it.
When he left that morning, he expected her to be waiting for him at the car. Wishing him well and telling him how much she would miss him. Or to apologize for her behavior and for pushing their wedding aside once more.
But she wasn’t there. He waited until the last possible moment to leave, but still, she never came. She had changed.
Jackson’s hands gripped the steering wheel hard, remembering Alpha Alexander. That bastard was the reason for her change.
He did his best to calm himself down during the five minutes it took to reach the entrance to Spring. Here he found an entire party waiting for him. He pulled up and exited his vehicle and two women approached him, one grabbing his bag while the other led him to the Alpha.
They exchanged greetings. Jackson was welcomed and told there would be a grand feast for the full moon celebrations, as well as a welcoming party. He was escorted to his room, where he was surprised to see a familiar ever-smiling face.
“Welcome, Jackson. I was pleased to see your name as the representative of Winter,” Holden said in a tone that bordered between gleeful and bored.
“Thank you, Holden,” Jackson replied with every ounce of obligatory gratitude he was able to muster. “I look forward to learning what we can share.”
Jackson held the door open, waiting for Holden to get the hint and leave the room. But instead, Holden simply smiled and nodded before continuing the conversation.
“I do believe there is a lot we can learn from each other,” he began, “and I look forward to returning with you to Winter, where I hope Selene can share with us what she has learned from Alpha Alexander.”
“What are you talking about?” Jackson growled, slamming the door shut.
“Oh,” Holden replied, bringing his hand to his chest as though he were surprised. “I just meant that since Alpha Alexander specifically requested to train with her during this exchange; that I would love to know how they spend their time together. Wouldn’t you?”
“What do you mean, he requested to train with her? Are you telling me she went to Summer?” Jackson growled, stepping closer to Holden.
“Oh my, how do I always end up sticking my foot in my mouth.” Holden chided himself. “I wasn’t trying to imply anything. I assumed you knew, since you are both representatives of Winter, and of course, she is your mate.”
Holden pulled out his phone, he moved through a few menus before holding it up for Jackson to see. On the screen was a picture of Selene, she was dressed for a sparring match. Beside her was Alpha Alexander — also dressed for sparring — who offered her a water bottle. They seemed to be laughing together.
“I don’t know what the request was, exactly. Only that it was a demand Alpha Alexander made for him and the Summer wolves to agree to join the exchange,” Holden said.
Holden moved past Jackson and reached for the door, he opened it slightly before pausing and looking back at his ’friend’.
“I imagine that Alpha Wyatt had no choice, the Summer wolves hold that feud over his head every chance they get,” he stated with an exaggerated sigh.
“I wouldn’t be surprised if it wasn’t some twisted game Alpha Alexander is playing just to hurt Alpha Wyatt. It’s quite tragic really.”
Jackson growled once more as Holden left the room, shutting the door behind him.. He leaned on a chair gripping it tightly until he heard the wood begin to splinter.









Chapter 22 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Alexander hit the ground hard. He had prepared himself to block against Selene’s knee when he saw her raise her leg. However, he was not prepared for her to change tactics and throw herself back into a roundhouse kick instead.
He laughed after he caught his breath.
Selene stood above him, her hands up and ready to block or hit as she panted heavily. His laughter triggered her own. She reached her hand down to him.
“That was a nice transition, I didn’t even see it coming,” Alexander said as he took her hand and she helped him up.


“Thanks, I worked hard to get it right,” she replied with a smile, still taking several deep breaths.
“I can tell,” he smiled back.
He noticed suddenly that she was still a little winded, and very flushed.
“Are you ok?” he asked, “you seem a bit off.”
“Oh really?” she huffed. “I am pretty sure the score is you with two takedowns, and me with three.”
“No,” he laughed, “I wasn’t implying you were weakening or slowing down. I meant your breathing seems strained and you look hot.”
Selene raised her eyebrow at him.
“I meant overheating!” he shouted, feeling the heat rushing over his face. “You look like you are overheating!”
“Now who’s overheating?” she thought to herself with a laugh. But he was right, she did feel like she was overheating.
“Honestly, I do feel very ho—overheated,” she smiled. “Do you guys have the heat on in these rooms or something?”
Alexander walked over and grabbed his water bottle, he handed it to her.
“Hydration might help,” he said. His eyes glanced over her before he added, “also, and please don’t take this the wrong way, you might have too much clothing on.”
She spat the water she was drinking, luckily not at him.
“Excuse me!” she shouted.
“I said don’t take it the wrong way!” he laughed.


“How should I take it?” she asked, holding back her laugh.
“As I intended it,” he said, “as an observation that you are used to sparring in a place that is always cold. Now you are in a place much warmer.”
She still didn’t understand what he meant.
“Maybe next time you spar, consider taking off the sweatshirt?” he offered.
Selene looked down at her outfit, sweatpants, a t-shirt, and a sweatshirt over it.
“Huh,” she began, “I guess when I packed, I didn’t consider the huge weather difference.”
She laughed as she took off the sweatshirt, wrapping it around her waist. Almost immediately she felt relief from the heat. Taking another sip of water, she laughed.
“I guess you were right, I was just too hot.”
“You’re not going to let this go, are you?” he sighed
Selene shook her head to indicate that no, she would not. Alexander smiled and she smiled back. It was a calm, comfortable smile. Both were enjoying the time they were spending together. He started to turn away from her, feeling like it was too comfortable.
But something caught his eye.
He hadn’t seen it before because of her sweatshirt, but now her arm was exposed. Just below the sleeve of the right arm, there was a deep scar. The coloring and texture told him it wasn’t old.
He thought back to her birthday party, she had worn a dress that exposed her shoulders and bare arms, he remembered it very well. There was no scar then.
“What is that?” he asked, monitoring his tone.
“What?” Selene asked, looking behind her thinking he saw something.
“On your arm,” he replied.
She looked down on the left, then the right, she saw the scar and realized that was what he meant.
“Oh,” she began, “I was in the woods when the rogue’s attacked for the first time. I barely managed to dodge as an arrow was coming at me.”
She rubbed it lightly as she remembered.
He moved closer to her and reached a hand up to it. His fingers grazed it gently, he felt the bumps and grooves. The color was wrong. This kind of scar should have had a redder tint throughout, but this had small black dots scattered through it.
“What are these flecks?” he asked softly.
“Uh…” she began, struggling to keep her breathing under control. “The wound was infected.”
Selene was struggling to concentrate. His gentle touch was stirring her emotions, his proximity was stoking the flame that always burned within her, his soft tone left her breathless.
“Infected?” he asked, raising his eyes to look at her, his breath caught when he saw the flush in her cheeks and the look in her eyes.
He jumped back from her, his heart racing. He looked away from her, wondering how he hadn’t realized how close they were.
“Calm the hell down!” he shouted in his mind.
“It was wolfsbane,” she said softly. Hoping that focusing on the conversation would help both calm down.
A feeling like ice ran down his spine.
“Did you say wolfsbane?” he asked.
“Yes,” she replied, “in the first attacks.”
He watched her carefully, her reaction was calm, as though this was common knowledge.
“You were poisoned with wolfsbane?” he asked, holding down the growing anger that was swelling within him.
“Yes, I told you,” she replied, confused why he was asking. “I got hit in the first attack. You already know they used wolfsbane in the first wave.”
His jaw clenched. He turned away from her, grabbing his towel and wiping the excess sweat from his body as he fought to calm himself.
“Are you ok now?” he asked.
Alexander wanted to ask her what she went through, how bad it was, how she had survived. He wanted to go back and be by her side.
“Obviously,” she smiled, “I was one of the lucky ones. We lost almost a dozen by the afternoon.”
She tried hard not to think about how she felt those first few hours after she woke up, the agony of the wolfsbane traveling through her system.
A thought occurred to him suddenly.
“The first attacks, did they happen during the day? Or the night?” he asked.
“Day,” she answered.
Alexander suddenly turned and walked to the door, he opened it before turning back to her.
“It was truly a pleasure sparring with you today. I hope next time we will both quit holding back,” he smiled.
Selene didn’t have the chance to stop herself from giggling.
“Also, I am very glad you are ok. I would genuinely miss you.”
He left the room, the door shut before she had a chance to react.
“Meet me there,” Alexander said into his phone as he left the sparring rooms.
***
A mile away from the main campus, inside of an old treehouse, on top of an old tree, Alexander sat waiting.
The trap door of the treehouse opened; Galen climbed in.
“Were you followed?” Alexander asked without looking back.
“No, though she did try very hard.” Galen scoffed.
“If you saw her, she wasn’t trying hard.” Alexander rolled his eyes.
“Ok, you’re in a good mood.” Galen laughed.
“Were there any reports of Wolfsbane being used in the attacks?” Alexander asked.
“What?” Galen asked, a shock plain on his face.
“Did any report at all, here or at any other pack report the use of wolfsbane in the rogue attacks?”
“No… why would—”
“Not even the reports from Winter?” Alexander turned and looked at his Beta.
“No. No one reported wolfsbane. That is something neither you nor anyone else would forget reading in any of the reports,” Galen answered, feeling slightly irritated.
“Fatalities?” Alexander asked.
“By wolfsbane? Again none. In general, I believe there were reports of a few deaths in Winter, complications from infected wounds, and severe injuries I believe. Autumn may have also had one or two.” Galen sighed. “What is this about Alexander?”
Alexander walked back to his chair, he sat down and put his head in his hands.
“Alexander, what’s going on?” Galen asked, putting a hand on his shoulder.
“Before the attacks began,” Alexander started. “In the afternoon, do you remember what happened?”
Galen thought for a moment, the attacks had begun during the late evening hours. The day had been relatively routine, except for the afternoon.
“You got sick,” Galen answered.
“Yes… fever, chills, pain in my skin. It felt as though fire and ice fought for dominance in my veins.” Alexander clarified.
“I know, it was sudden and frankly terrifying. But you wouldn’t let me call the doctor. You just writhed in pain on the floor for almost an hour.”
“I knew it would pass,” Alexander whispered. He thought back to that moment, he did know then that it would pass, but he never understood why until now.
“Are you going to tell me wha—”
“Selene was poisoned that afternoon,” Alexander interrupted. “The attack on Winter, it was before all the others, and the rogues used wolfsbane.”
“What? But that’s not possible. The reports—”
“Are lies,” Alexander stated, a rage darkening his eyes.









Chapter 23 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
After her sparring session with Alexander, Selene had gone back to her room to prepare herself for the evening festivities. She had taken a long shower and used the oils they had provided to moisturize her skin.
She closed her eyes and sniffed at her wrist; the oil had a sweet but delicate smell. Like brown sugar and figs. Selene opened her eyes and looked at herself in the mirror.
Her dress was a deep cobalt blue, off-the-shoulder neckline with long sleeves that tied to her middle finger. A dropped waist accentuated her hips with a black leather corset belt. The rest of the dress flowed to the ground gracefully.
She had styled her hair, sticking to a loose braid, but adorning it with a few white and blue flower hairpins throughout.


A touch of eyeliner and shadow, just enough to accentuate her hazel eyes. Her lips were properly plumped and tinted.
All in all, she had to admit to herself that she looked quite lovely.
“And that matters why?” she scolded herself in the mirror.
Selene huffed, looking away from the mirror. She wondered if she should wear something less formal.
“No,” she stated, “I am dressed to honor the Goddess. Not to draw anyone’s eye to myself.”
She nodded her head firmly, before glancing back over her shoulder at the mirror.
“Still, I wonder what he will think…” she thought to herself as she bit her lip with a small smile.
Catching her eyes in the mirror she saw the excitement in them, and her stomach clenched with familiar guilt.
“I’m the worst,” she sighed.
Allowing the shame to wash over her she promised herself she would avoid Alexander at the party no matter what.
In the end, it was an easy promise to keep.
The party was very nice, the food was great, the wolves were all quite nice. There was dancing, music, and laughter. Alpha Alexander gave a welcome speech. It was short and to the point, but well delivered.
Selene couldn’t help but look out at the wolves around her as he spoke. She knew why he had such an effect on her, and he really, really did. But she was blown away by the effect he had on his people.
Her father was well-loved and respected among his people, but these wolves looked to Alexander with a devotion that brought a smile to her face. She had no doubt every one of them would lay down their lives for him.
When his speech was over, she had almost expected him to come to find her. But half an hour later she still hadn’t seen him. Another half-hour and still he was nowhere to be seen.


The full moon was high in the sky when she heard an announcement. There would be a full moon run. She longed to shift and go for a run, feeling the wind in her fur, but she felt something holding her back.
She inhaled the sweet night air, she could smell the trees, the dirt, the animals. It was so different from Winter. A primal longing in her was trembling with excitement.
“The air is different here…” she whispered, taking it in once more. “There is something sweet in the air.”
Selene smiled as her heart raced. She wondered if it was an animal. Every once in a while, her primal urges would take root in her soul, and she would feel the need to hunt an animal and devour it like any other wolf.
This was similar, she felt the need, the longing, the anticipation of the hunt. Her mouth salivated at the thought of catching it and taking it for herself.
***
[An Hour Earlier]
Alexander delivered his speech; the words coming out automatically. Though his words were clear, and his actions were orderly, his mind was in complete chaos.
He felt Selene’s presence, he knew exactly where she was. He refused to look at her and something deep within his being was in a rage by that choice.
His collar was suddenly very tight, his clothing was too hot.
As his speech came to an end, he avoided any who approached him. He went straight for the closest building, keeping his composure as he went. He entered and closed the door behind him gasping desperately for air.
Alexander fell to his hands and knees. His skin was on fire, his muscles tensed up suddenly as a trembling sensation ran through his body from his fingertips to his toes. He let out a shuddering breath as both desire and delight overran his brain.
“Mate.”
It was his own voice, in his own mind, but it was desperate and determined. He kept repeating it over and over. Each time sending another sensation through his body.
Alexander wondered how long he could hold himself together.
The door opened.
Alexander snarled as he turned to look at who it was that dared to follow him.
“Whoa,” Galen said as he turned and saw his Alpha on his hands and knees.
Alexander snarled.
Galen raised an eyebrow, he watched him closely. Alexander was acting strange, he looked as though he were in pain, as though he were filled with rage.
There was sweat coming off his brow, the veins in his neck showed that he was struggling to control himself.
“What’s going on Alexander?” Galen asked softly. Not approaching him.
“Full moon,” Alexander growled through gritted teeth.
Galen furrowed his brow, he didn’t understand. A full moon had never been a problem before. Alexander had always had great control of his shifting, but it looked like he was fighting to keep himself from doing exactly that.
“I don’t understand, you’ve never had—”
“Selene…” Alexander barely managed to say before another crippling sensation ran through him, forcing a desperate gasp from his lungs.
He slammed his fist on the ground, so hard it cracked, and his knuckles bled.
“Oh shit,” Galen replied as awareness sunk in. Alexander had never spent a full moon near his mate before. “What do you need me to do man?”
“Solitary!” Alexander roared.
For the first time, Galen noticed that Alexander wasn’t just angry, he was in pain. His eyes were filled with unshed tears and deep sorrow.
“I’ve got you, brother,” Galen said as he reached down and helped Alexander to his feet.
Together they made their way across the main campus, avoiding everyone. They moved slowly; the trip took almost half an hour.
When they made it to the interrogation rooms, the guard on duty was confused but knew better than to ask questions. He let them in, and they made their way to solitary confinement.
Galen opened the door, it was an empty room, no windows, no other doors. The door handle was only accessible from the outside. On the wall, there was a set of chains attached.
He helped Alexander over to the wall. He reached for the chains, but Alexander stopped him.
“Alexander, we have to, in another half hour the moon is going to be at its height and even you won’t be able to hold yourself back. Any other wolf, fine, they don’t have a chance at getting out of here on their own. But you, you’ll shred that door down. We need the chains.”
Galen didn’t like saying this to his friend, he hated the idea of chaining him up. But he knew it was necessary.
“I know,” Alexander confirmed, his jaw clenched, and his eyes closed as he focused on keeping control. “But you don’t have gloves. I will do it.”
Before Galen could object, Alexander grabbed the first cuff. Clenching his jaw once more as his skin contacted the metal.
The chains were made of a combination of silver and a unique kind of iron. While silver helped to suppress some of their werewolf abilities, it didn’t nullify them. The iron, however, did. It had a similar effect on all magical creatures.
It was also very painful against their skin.
He locked his ankles in the lower chains and tightened them, he would be able to sit and take a few steps from the wall, but not many. Next, he closed a cuff on his left wrist, pulling the chains down from the wall he placed the other on his right wrist.
Here he would need help, his arms were kept apart to prevent trying to uncuff himself. If he decided to sit down on the floor, his arms would never reach a relaxed position. Instead, they would stay apart above his head.
“I need you to tighten them all, now,” Alexander sighed. He was feeling tired. For him, it was like a tsunami coming. Watching the shoreline, the water recedes and there is no sign of danger, but soon, a tsunami will crash against the shore.
Galen swallowed and nodded. He leaned forward and tightened the cuffs against Alexander’s ankle, both of them let out small groans of pain as the metal burned their skin. He then tightened the left cuff, and finally, he secured the right and tightened it.
Galen pulled his hands away quickly, shaking them trying to release the burning sensation from his nerves.
He looked up at his friend, but Alexander’s head was down. He didn’t move or make a sound.
“Alexander?” Galen called, taking a step toward him.
Alexander’s head snapped up and he let out a guttural roar, his eyes glowed like the full moon on a clear night. His face was twisted in rage.
“Mate!” he hollered through the growls and snarls.
Galen fell back in surprise. He quickly left the room. The guard had already made his way down to the door, alerted by the sound. Galen pushed him back as he closed the solitary room. He led him away to enjoy the full moon.
Tonight, Galen would stand watch.









Chapter 24 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“I heard the traditions of Winter are quite strict about mates, is that true?” asked a woman wearing white rabbit ears.
Jackson looked at her and nodded.
The welcome at Spring had been an all-day event— they had games, small parties, a large party, dancing, eating, and so much more. He wasn’t sure if he was visiting a pack or an amusement park.
Looking around, the members of Spring wore costumes of different animals, both real and imagined. The woman in front of him wore her bunny ear and a short white dress, complete with a cotton tail.


“What kinds of traditions?” yawned the man beside her, he wore smaller ears, brown, and a red bowtie.
Jackson had yet to figure out what he was supposed to be.
“We cannot marry before both mates have reached the first full moon after their eighteenth year,” Jackson answered, thinking of Selene, wondering what she was doing now.
“Oh my, so if you find your mate before then, you can’t mark each other?” the rabbit asked.
“No,” Jackson replied.
“But surely you can enjoy each other,” the other one commented through another yawn, and a wink.
“If you mean, intimately, no,” Jackson answered, clearing his throat awkwardly. “It is an insult to the Goddess to be mated before the age of maturity.”
Jackson looked away, searching for an escape from this conversation.
“I couldn’t handle that,” the man said, wrapping his arm around the rabbit’s waist, “I haven’t been able to keep my hands off her since we found each other.”
The rabbit laughed as the man kissed her throat.
“True, and we met when we were both fifteen!” the rabbit laughed, reaching her hand up to stroke his chin.
“Especially tonight,” the man whispered as he trailed kisses up her neck, drawing a soft moan from her lips, “I could never hold back at the full moon.”
The man bit softly at the rabbit’s throat.
“But that is why Winter has another tradition,” came the voice of Holden from behind Jackson, “one that says any mated pair shall stay apart on the night of the full moon, until their wedding. The first full moon they share.”
Jackson turned to see the familiar smile.


“Isn’t that right Jackson?” Holden asked.
“Yes,” Jackson replied.
“It makes a lot of sense, it’s quite smart really,” Holden nodded as he spoke, “I mean look at these two fools.”
Holden waved toward the rabbit and the man. Jackson turned to find the rabbit had her legs wrapped around the man’s waist, his hands firmly gripping her bottom, as their mouths now fought for dominance.
“Such is the pull of the mate bond,” Holden whispered over Jackson’s shoulder, making the latter tense. “It would be hard for any mates to resist when together under the full moon.”
***
[Present]
Selene walked down the unfamiliar halls; she didn’t understand how she had found her way here. Or where here was.
There was a scent in the air, something that called to the wolf in her. Something that she needed to hunt. She smiled at the thought.
This scent was leading her somewhere completely unknown to her. She had hunted all over Winter, she knew the land, the animals. The thought of
something new was exciting.
“Strange,” she thought to herself suddenly, “why is the scent inside?”
She wanted to follow the thought, think it through, and come to a rational conclusion, but the scent was driving her crazy.
Taking a deep breath, rolling the sweet aroma over her tongue, she could taste her prey. It made her shiver with anticipation. Her skin prickled, she wanted to shift, she felt it in the innermost part of her. However, something still told her to wait.
Selene continued turning down hall after hall, sometimes the scent would grow stronger, other times it would fade. Her impatience was growing.
Just as she was starting to get frustrated, she recognized another scent. It was familiar but still new. Selene looked around for the source, she ducked behind a wall as she recognized it. The Summer wolf Bell had flirted with, Galen.
He had walked out of a door, shutting it behind him. He paced back and forth, staying close to the door while he held his phone to his ear.
“Yes, of course,” he said into the phone. “He wasn’t feeling well. He’s fine, he just needed time to himself.”
“Is Alexander sick?” she wondered to herself.
The thought was interrupted when the door opened once more. A man walked out and stood beside Galen. The man did not close the door, suddenly
Selene’s full attention was on the door. The scent was coming from there.
She felt a growl rising from her belly.
Quickly she threw herself back against the wall and covered her mouth hoping they hadn’t heard her.
She glanced around the corner, Galen and the man were still talking. Finally, he put his phone down and they both walked in the opposite direction of the door. Selene smiled to herself.
She tipped toed to the door, looking back over her shoulder to make sure Galen wasn’t coming back yet. When she saw no one, she went in and closed the door behind her.
“What are they keeping in here that smells so tempting?” she wondered as she looked around the room.
The room she had entered was a small office, a desk with various file folders and paperwork, a row of keys marked with room numbers. On the other
side was a series of five different monitors. Across the room were a window and another door.
Selene approached the window carefully, trying to see if she could see anyone else as she got closer. But the window looked out to a small hallway with a door at each end.
She stepped out into the hallway, looking at each door she didn’t see anything that identified where they led. Closing her eyes she sniffed the air, once more a prickling of her skin, and that deep longing sensation.
The door to the right.
Upon further inspection, she realized the door had no handle.
She went back to the small office, she looked around the window. Just below she saw a button, she pressed it and heard a small buzzing sound. Looking out the window she saw her success. With a giggle, she ran through the open door.
It closed after her. Once more, Selene noticed the door had no handle on this side either. On the wall beside the door, there was a white button and a camera.
“Well, guess I’m stuck in here… no choice but to find what I am looking for,” she giggled to herself.
“Shouldn’t I be worried about this?” she wondered to herself until the scent danced around her nostrils once more. She followed it.
Her nose led her further down the hall, past several doors, and around two corners. Now she stood in front of one of the most impressive doors she had ever seen. It was thick, some kind of metal, even without knowing any more she knew it would be reinforced. Whatever was on the other side of this door, was supposed to stay there.
But this was where the scent came from. The air was thick with the scent now. Selene felt as though she were being caressed by it, as though she could feel it touch her skin. She let out a soft moan.
Her heart was racing, her breathing was getting shallow. Her skin, the prickling was still there, but now something else. She knew this feeling.
“It’s like before…” she whispered out loud through hot breaths “like the Blood Moon.”
There was a sudden and intense stimulation throughout her body that made her feel weak. A sensation of both pain and pleasure ripped through her from head to toes.
Selene gasped for air. Falling to her knees once more the sensation tore over her body, stirring even the most intimate places making her ache.
She cried out, still gasping for air.
“It leaves you breathless. And not in that ‘swept away in the moment of it all’ kind of breathless,”
Bell’s words suddenly rang clearly in Selene’s mind.
She lifted her head, staring at the door in front of her.
“Alexander?” she called. “Are you in there?”
Again, the sensation engulfed her, she was on hands and knees, panting. Desperate to breathe normally. Overwhelmed by a strange feeling of pleasure
and pain.
“…the suffocating, ‘I can’t breathe!’ kind.”
“Is this what she meant?” Selene whispered, her chest burning.
A howl of pain came from the other side of the door.
“Is he feeling this too?” she whispered to herself.
Selene reached for the door, she grabbed the handle, holding onto it tightly as the air got thicker and her skin felt like it was on fire.
“Stop!” someone shouted from behind her.
She looked back to see Galen out of breath, clearly having realized someone was in the area that shouldn’t be.
“You can’t go in there!” he shouted.
“Is he… in pain?” Selene asked through gasps.
Galen was quiet for a long moment, “he will be fine in the morning.”
Selene let out a soft chuckle, “no, he won’t.”
She turned the knob and pulled on the door hard, it opened for her. The room was dark, but she could see him. He was down on his knees and limp in the chains that held him to the wall.
“Alexander…” she whispered into the darkness.
Slowly he lifted his head, their eyes still finding each other.
Pain grew and spread deep in her heart until tears poured down her face.
“Only when you look into their eyes, finally touch that person, only then can you breathe again.”
Bell’s words continued to haunt Selene as she walked into the room. Her body felt heavy, aching to shift, to be powerful, to be free to do what was needed.
She saw it in his eyes, the pain, the fear, the arousal. Their bond was real, it called to both, drowning them in their ‘blessing’.
Tears streamed down her face. She was standing inches from him now and every fiber of her being longed to touch him.
She reached her hand out to his cheek, her fingers lightly touching him, he looked up at her with a question in his eyes. She placed both hands on his face, and suddenly the air around them was breathable once more.
“That’s when you realize that they are another half of you, that something deep inside of you wants them with you.. No matter who they are.”









Chapter 25 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Galen squatted in the hallway, elbows on his knees resting his chin against his laced fingers. He had been staring at the reinforced black door ever since
Selene had gone inside. It had been over an hour now.
He stood up and paced back and forth.
“What do I do?” he asked himself out loud with a heavy sigh.


Galen waited for another hour before he pushed himself off the wall he had been resting against.
“That’s it,” he stated firmly, “I need to check on Alexander.”
He moved quickly before he could change his mind. Opening the door, he wasn’t sure what he expected to find.
He turned his phone on, using the screen as a flashlight as he pointed it where Alexander was chained to the wall.
Where he should have been chained to the wall.
Galen gasped, he quickly turned to the right, then the left. There he found them. Selene sat on the ground, her back against the wall. Her right hand rested on the top of Alexander’s head.
Alexander was sleeping, his body curled up on the floor, only his head was protected in her lap. Selene stroked his hair gently, while her other hand was held, by him, tightly against his chest.
Galen looked up at her, she stared down at Alexander. Even in the dim light of the phone, Galen could see the streaks of tears on her face.
“Selene?” Galen called out.
“Ssshhh,” she whispered back. “He’s worn out.”
“Are you ok?’ Galen whispered.
She looked up and gave him a sad smile.
“I’m tired,” she whispered back, her voice cracking.
“I can take care of him,” he replied.
“No,” she smiled, shaking her head, “if I leave, he will know. He exhausted himself fighting the pull, now his body is using all his energy reserves to


heal from the cuffs.”
Galen looked back at the chains, and back at the couple on the floor.
“Did you let him down?” Galen asked with concern.
“I had to; you didn’t follow me in.” she laughed.
“I’m so sorry, my Luna!” Galen shouted apologetically.
“Ssshh!” she whispered loudly.
“Sorry,” he whispered.
“It’s fine, you weren’t supposed to,” she smiled at him. Her eyes shifted back to look down at Alexander, stroking his hair once more. “This was something only we could do.”
Galen nodded, he watched them for a moment. Though he was worried about his friend, he felt relief in his chest to see them together like this.
“Galen,” she called his attention once more.
“Yes?” he answered.
“Nothing has changed,” she whispered. Her voice trembled.
“What do you mean?” Galen asked cautiously.
“I am not your Luna,” she answered with a small hitch in her voice.
Galen looked down at Alexander’s sleeping face. He looked content. Galen felt a sorrow blooming in his heart.
“I don’t understand,” he whispered as hot tears welled in his eyes.
Selene let out a miserable laugh.
“Have you ever had your heart broken Galen?” she asked softly after taking a deep breath.
Her words struck Galen hard as he quietened down. The weight of his father’s hand on his shoulder still felt fresh, as if Galen was still living in that moment. He hadn’t understood the weight of it back then, but it had already imprinted on his soul forevermore.
“Hasn’t everyone?” Galen replied, shaking away the memory.
“No,” Selene smiled, “until now, I have never known heartbreak.”
Galen felt tired suddenly. He sat down on the floor in front of her. Looking at Alexander again, checking that he was still sleeping. A painful smile came to his lips; his Alpha had never looked more at peace.
“I met my mate when I was sixteen years old,” she began with a smile in her voice. “I couldn’t believe how lucky I was. I knew wolves that were at the end of their lives and had never met theirs.”
Galen closed his eyes hearing her words as weapons cutting away slowly at his best friend.
Selene looked down at Alexander and her face crumpled in a look of pain. She continued to run her fingers through his hair as she spoke.
“If not for the traditions of my pack, I would have been married for two years now,” she said sniffling.
Selene took a moment to let her mind wander on that thought. She saw herself with Jackson, in a home of their own and a pup in his arms. He smiled at her, the sweet smile he only showed her. He kissed their baby and then her.
She squeezed her eyes shut letting out a sob.
“I didn’t know,” she hissed painfully. “I never knew it could hurt so much to feel love.”
“What?” Galen asked, opening his eyes to look at her in his confusion.
Selene took a deep breath, she pulled her hand away from his hair, a soft cry escaped his lips. She wiped her tears away and then returned to gently stroking his hair.
“Nevermind,” she whispered. “You can go. Come back before dawn and let me out.”
“But—” Galen began, wanting to ask her to continue the conversation.
“There are things that need to be said,” she answered, “but I need to say them to him.”
Galen looked at Alexander, he still held her hand tightly to his chest.
At least while Alexander dreamt this night, he could feel their bond without pain.
***
Slowly the world was coming back to him, his body was heavy, his eyelids fought against opening.
He smelled something familiar. It was earthy and bitter. Coffee.
Alexander opened his eyes; the world was on its side. He sat up expecting to feel dizzy, but no dizziness came. He felt the weight of his sleep but nothing else.
He reached for the coffee before realizing he could.
“Where are the chains?” he thought to himself.
He looked around the room, the door was open, he was on the ground two feet away from the chains. Looking at his wrists the burns were almost healed, which meant he had been off the chains for at least four or five hours.
Alexander sipped the coffee; the bitterness was a welcome taste on his tongue. He tried to piece together his memory, but all he could think of was how close
he had come to losing control. He remembered putting the chains on, he remembered the inferno on his skin and the suffocating feeling.
“Hey, you’re awake!” Galen called from the door.
He held two boxes in his hands, from the smell Alexander knew it was breakfast. He took the box that was offered to him. Inside were eggs, bacon, sausage, and sourdough toast. They were stacked high, with enough food to feed two people.
Alexander devoured the entire box; he even stole a piece of toast from Galen.
“Dude!” Galen laughed as Alexander stole his toast.
“Sharing is caring,” Alexander replied.
“Alright, fine.”
They sat in silence as they ate. Alexander focused his attention on his coffee while Galen finished his meal.
“She was here,” Galen stated.
“What?!” Alexander coughed as he choked on the hot liquid.
“I guess you really don’t remember.” Galen laughed.
“What happened?”
“You were both affected by the full moon. I guess Selene was drawn to you. She found the room and she came in. You looked like you were dying
when she entered, but she looked pretty messed up too.”
Alexander listened intently. Why couldn’t he remember any of it?
“I left you alone, it was about two hours before I came in. When I did, she had taken you down from the wall. You were sleeping on the floor, she sat beside you.”
Galen looked away from Alexander as he said the last sentence.
“What then?” Alexander asked.
“Then, I don’t know. When she left, she said that you two needed to talk.”
Alexander’s heart had skipped several beats since the day he had met Selene, now he wondered if it had stopped altogether. So far, they had avoided any conversation about their shared bond. Now, it seemed she wanted to talk about it.
Alexander jumped up from his seat on the ground, he raced out the door and down the hall.
“Alexander! Wait!” Galen called after him.
His mind was racing, why had she come to him? Had she decided to accept him? Did he want to accept her?
Every question fueled his desire to find her.









Chapter 26 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Alexander ran to her room, but there was no answer. He caught hold of her scent, following it until he was overlooking the training fields.
He smiled with appreciation as he remembered their sparring session the day before. Selene was a skilled and determined fighter. It was no wonder she
had made it to the rank of berserker.
Alexander slowed his pace; he watched the fields trying to see where she was. He knew she wasn’t in a sparring room by how strong her scent was.


He saw his wolves in the weapons course, the basic training field was empty. The only other field in use was the obstacle course.
Deciding it might be fun to watch her, he went into the observation deck rather than out onto the field.
Selene was running a simple course, a maze. It started easy, the only challenge was finding the way out. However, once she made it to the center of the maze, that was when the fun began.
She ran into the center, and he found himself practically pressed against the window watching as she made her next decision.
There were three paths open to her, all three led towards the exit, but each with their challenge.
The first would take her through a quick but difficult game of dodging projectiles across a jumping chasm.
The second led to a den of monsters, she would have to fight her way through twenty monsters of various skills and levels.
The third door would force her to swim across a body of water to the exit. But within the waters were aggressive monsters that would pull her under fast and deep.
He sat back down in his chair to watch as she made her choice when suddenly a thought struck him. Did she know how to swim?
Alexander was relieved when, after careful consideration, Selene chose the first door.
He was on the edge of his seat as he watched her evade the projectiles as she jumped from post to post. Once or twice, he stood up with a cheer when it looked like she might fall but instead landed safely.
“Come on baby, you got this… Yes!” he murmured to himself as she cleared yet another jump.
Selene was three jumps away from completing the course. She jumped; just clearing a spear that flew at her, she landed hard on the next post.
She jumped a little too late when the next projectile came. It caught her foot, sending her crashing down. Her hands caught the edge of the final platform, struggling to hold on. She managed to pull herself up just as a missile exploded, the shockwave sent her flying back and down into the chasm.
“Damn it!” she shouted as she landed in the safety net.


Selene cursed several more times as the net lowered her safely to the ground.
“That was pretty impressive,” Alexander said as he approached from the entrance of the field.
She felt her heart leap into her throat, she swallowed before answering.
“Failure isn’t very impressive to me,” she grumbled.
“Every failure is an opportunity to learn,” he replied with a smile that made her turn away quickly.
The field around them reset itself to basic grass and grey walls.
“This place is insane,” she commented as she watched the last of the maze walls retracting into the ground.
Alexander looked around the field, he was used to it, but to see it from her perspective, made him happy to see her so pleased.
He turned back to her as she was gathering her gear.
“So, Galen said you wanted to talk to me,” he said softly.
Selene froze.
“Come on,” she thought to herself, “it’s not like you didn’t know this was going to happen. You literally asked for this.”
“Yea, we should talk about what happened,” she replied without turning around.
Alexander walked around her, she stared down at his shoes now.
“Maybe we could start with you telling me what happened?” he chuckled.
Her eyes sprang up, surprised by his question. Seeing the honest smile on his face made her turn away.
“Isn’t this the best option?” she asked herself. “If he doesn’t remember, do we need to tell him everything?”
“What do you remember?” she asked.
“Maybe we should talk about this somewhere else?” Alexander suggested looking around as a group was entering the field.
Selene agreed when she saw the others.
They left the training field and agreed to meet at a different location once Selene had taken a shower and changed. Alexander gave her some basic
directions to follow and told her he would meet her there.
***
About a mile away from the main campus of the Summer wolves, Selene was wandering through a patch of forest.
“Where is he?” she asked out loud as she looked back towards the main campus, hoping she could spot him.
She had followed his directions of how to leave the campus without being noticed, she had walked in the direction he told her for a mile. This had to be
the spot, yet she didn’t see him anywhere.
“Hey.”
A whisper behind her ear was such a surprise she didn’t have a chance to think before she turned her body, knee aimed to connect with the body that had
snuck up behind her.
Alexander caught her movement and jumped back out of her reach. He laughed playfully when she caught herself and corrected her stance to face him.
“Not cool!” she shouted.
“It was pretty funny,” he laughed.
“Wouldn’t it be funny if I broke your rib,” she muttered.
“You’d have to land the hit to do that,” he said with a smirk.
Selene sighed and then looked around.
“So, you wanted to meet here? Just in the middle of a patch of trees?” she asked.
Alexander smiled before grabbing her hand and pulling her towards him, she started to panic before she realized he wasn’t trying to hug her. He was leading her somewhere else.
They zigzagged between several trees, finally, they reached a patch of trees that were older than the rest of the trees around them. Alexander turned around and smiled at her as he spoke.
“When I was little, I used to hate how I was always surrounded by people everywhere I went. Tutors, bodyguards, more tutors, my dad’s groupies. The list goes on,” he laughed. “One day my mom surprised me with my secret hideaway. She didn’t even tell my dad about it.”
Selene returned his smile, she understood what he meant. Being the child of an alpha always carried more responsibility than anyone realized.
“Mom told me that I could sneak off here anytime I needed. Of course, she’d installed a phone so she could always reach me if I needed to come back.”
He chuckled. “Still, it was my escape. My freedom.”
Selene looked around at the trees. It was beautiful of course, but she didn’t see any structures, where was this place he was talking about?
“To this day, only my mother, myself, and Galen know about this place,” Alexander said before squeezed her hand and added, “and now you do too.”
Alexander stepped away from her to the elder tree closest to him, he ran his hand along the bark until she heard a clicking sound. Suddenly the bark separated, revealing a hidden door within the tree. She couldn’t help the excited laugh she let out.
“Oh, my Goddess!” she squealed.
“It’s cool, right? Go on up!” he told her as he moved out of the way.
Selene walked into the tree; a ladder led straight up. She climbed until she reached a small hatch, pushing it open she stepped up into a large open room. There was a full-size bed, a door she assumed led to a bathroom, a desk with a rather impressive computer setup, a two-seat sofa, and a lounge chair. But the most impressive feature was a huge window that looked over a valley, the river, and the mountains in the distance.
“Beautiful, isn’t it?” Alexander asked as he closed the hatch.
“Breathtaking.” she replied softly.
She stepped closer to the window and realized that you could only see a small part of the main campus from here.
“But why can’t you see the campus? What if something is happening while you are here?” she asked.
“My mom built this for me to get away from my responsibilities, but also to remind me of the beauty of it,” he replied. “My father taught me to be cold, so the people of Summer could enjoy the warmth.”
“That’s a bit extreme,” Selene replied as she looked over at Alexander, wondering what his life had been like.
“It was his motto, but my mom didn’t exactly agree with it,” Alexander smiled, “she said she knew I needed to be cold, but that didn’t mean I couldn’t have a place to warm up.”
Selene watched the smile on his face as he spoke of his mother, she thought she would like to meet her.
“Of course, when I became Alpha, I installed all the monitors and alarms into my computer so if anything does happen, I will know immediately,” he laughed.
She joined him in his laugh, truthfully, she would have done the same. He looked out the window a bit longer, but she kept looking at him.
“Stop!” she shouted in her mind, immediately looking away.
Selene stepped away from the window, he followed her and directed her to have a seat.
“So,” he finally said and Selene knew she could procrastinate no longer.. It was time to face her demons. “You were going to tell me what happened last night?”









Chapter 27 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Alexander gave her a look that made her squirm inside. She bit her lip, finally tearing her eyes away for a brief second. However, they still found their way to him.
“You first,” she replied, “what do you remember?”
Alexander sighed and shrugged his shoulders.
“Honestly, not much,” he began, “I remember giving the speech, I know I felt your presence more than ever before. I fought to keep it under control, but it felt like I was losing. I was afraid of what would happen, so Galen helped me lock myself up. The next thing I remember is waking up to coffee this morning.”


‘He doesn’t remember me at all…’ she thought to herself sadly.
“Nothing else? You don’t remember when I came into the room? Or anything else?” she asked, doing her best to keep calm.
“No,” he replied honestly, “I know you were there because Galen told me you were.”
‘How can he not remember anything?’ she wondered, ‘wait, this is good! If he doesn’t remember, I don’t have to tell him everything.’
“So, can you fill in the blanks?” he asked, his tone playful and sweet.
He was being so friendly to her; she couldn’t help the smile that played on her lips. Even in this awkward moment, it felt strangely comfortable between them. More than it had ever been with Jackson.
Selene swallowed down her guilt and focused on staying calm as she spoke.
“As you said, the mate bond, the pull was crazy yesterday. There was um, a scent in the air… I just… I followed it. It led to that room, and I went in. I helped you down, and um, that was it,” she said, nodding her head.
“That was it?” he asked, unconvinced. He raised an eyebrow at her and kept her gaze until she turned away.
Her shyness made him smile to himself.
“I know that I was far gone,” he began, “and Galen mentioned that you also looked rough. So, I’m sorry but I think maybe you left something out?”
‘Thanks, Galen,’ she growled internally, ‘the best way to hide the truth, is within the truth.’
“Ok, yea, I was feeling a lot. My skin was on fire, I couldn’t breathe. So, when I reached the door… I knew what was happening. I knew you were on the other side and that we were both feeling the bond.”
“And you came in anyway?” he asked.
Alexander’s tone held something in it she didn’t recognize. Like he was asking two questions at once. She hesitated to respond.


“Yes.”
“Why? Selene, why did you come to me, when you knew we were both out of our minds with desire?” he asked quickly.
His impatience was getting the better of him, he wanted to know her answer, he wanted to know if what he thought she wanted was real or not.
Selene suddenly remembered the morning of her birthday party, in the woods. The way he had asked why she had invited him. Her heart began to race, she felt the panic set in.
“Bell,” she said quickly.
“Bell?” he asked, confused.
“Yes, my friend Bell. I remembered something she said. She told me that the mate bond was overwhelming, that it left you feeling suffocated, and like
you were on fire,” she replied, licking her lips as her mouth dried from the nerves.
‘Suffocated?’ Alexander thought to himself, he remembered feeling breathless, feeling a desperate need to have her near him, to breathe her in, but suffocated?
“So, she said that the only way to… Uhm to… to relieve that awful feeling was to…touch,” she swallowed hard as she finished her sentence.
“You touched me?” Alexander asked softly, eyes wide as an image of her at the Blood Moon gathering pressed up against the wall played in his mind once more.
“No!” Selene shouted turning red.
Alexander took a deep breath, trying to absorb what she had said while also trying to put the image out of his head.
“Not like that, you pervert! I touched your cheek!”
Selene looked away from him, embarrassed by his assumption. But even more so with her musings on how he would have reacted if it had been like that.
“Alright, I want to get this straight. So, you felt the bond,” he asked, looking to her for acknowledgement.
Selene nodded.
“And for you, it felt…?” he asked, waiting with anticipation for a reaction.
She didn’t respond, she tried to think of how to answer, but her nerves were written all over her face.
“Horrible?” he asked quietly.
Selene’s eyes flew up to him and then quickly away as she saw the hopeful look in his eyes. She hesitated but nodded.
“Ok, so this,” he paused, reacting to the before saying it, “horrible, feeling led you to me, and you were desperate to get rid of it. So, you forced yourself to make physical contact with me? Is that about right?”
Selene nodded awkwardly.
Alexander felt like an idiot. What had gone through his head, was entirely in his head. He didn’t know what he had expected exactly, or what he would have done if she had shared feelings for him. But it didn’t matter, she found her attachment to him horrible.
“Ok,” he sighed in frustration, “Ok, I guess, I’m sorry. I’m sorry for all the trouble I caused you.”
“It wasn’t your fault. Not entirely,” she said, feeling guilt crawling over her like a swarm of insects. “Jackson and I have always spent the full moons apart, because of the mate bond, I just didn’t think about it this time because—”
“Because I’m not your mate, he is,” Alexander growled. “I understand.”
‘No,’ Selene thought to herself honestly, ‘because I wasn’t afraid of staying with you. Because I trust you.’
“Exactly,” she replied sadly.
Alexander refused to look at her, and for this she was thankful. As long as he didn’t look, he wouldn’t see the tears that she shed for him.
‘It’s better this way,’ she reminded herself, ‘if he doesn’t remember, there is nothing to be explained, nothing that he needs to forget.’
She turned her body away from him, unable to stop the flow of tears. Alexander glanced back and felt a sharp pain in his chest at how far away she seemed to be from him. Their distance would only continue to grow further and further apart.
‘What did I expect?’ he scoffed in his mind. ‘She had made it very clear; I am nothing to her. As she should be to me.’
Their shared experience from the night before left a lasting but very different impression on each of them. Selene embraced the pain of her memory, hoping he would never know it. While Alexander felt a bitter emptiness for a hope he had never expected and wished he could ignore.
They sat together quietly for a long time, neither knowing how to break the silence or the awkwardness. In the end, it was Selene who spoke first.
“I should go,” she whispered.
Alexander didn’t respond.
Selene got up from the couch, heading for the hatch leading out of the treehouse. She looked back at Alexander.
‘At this moment, to myself, I can admit it,’ she thought, ‘a part of me wishes I had met you first.’
Her heart had ached so much in the past month that she didn’t know anymore who it ached for.
Alexander stood up and she quickly turned away, wiping the tears that had escaped. He came to her with purpose, opening the hatch. Selene looked up at him, but he didn’t look back. She made her way down onto the ladder and just before she reached the bottom, he called down to her.
“We will begin our training tomorrow; I hope you can understand why I’d rather not start today.”
His voice was not warm, or kind, or familiar. It was cold and distant.
It hurt.
“I know, we are both pretty worn out. Safer to give it a day,” she answered pleasantly with an understanding smile directed at him.
The light of the sun that entered through the massive window highlighted him from above like an angel, but the cold stare of his icy grey eyes belonged to a demon.
He shut the hatch without a word.
She had built the wall between them; he was just staying on his side.









Chapter 28 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Galen had taken the other representatives on a tour of the borders. Selene had asked to join them, but Saul reminded her that her focus was on learning from Alpha Alexander during their time in Summer.
She returned to the training grounds unsure of how Alexander would react to her presence today. His coldness at the treehouse, while understandable, had affected her in a way that she couldn’t shake.
Sleep had been a struggle the night before. Between memories of the full moon leaking into her thoughts, or the expression on his face as he closed the hatch. She wanted nothing more than to avoid him.
But her duty came before her personal misgivings.


Arriving at the training grounds, she watched in pleasant fascination as the Summer wolves practiced their skills. She took note that unlike her pack, they seemed focused on the team exercises rather than individual skills.
She leaned forward, watching as a group of four wolves worked together to get through an obstacle course. One wolf jumped to another platform while two linked arms and helped the fourth get an extra boost. They had almost all crossed when a sound drew her attention.
The course they were running was a forest, further along, the path they were taking looked as though one of the trees was moving.
Selene stared at the tree carefully, sure enough, it did move. She gasped in surprise.
“It’s a treant.” Alexander’s voice came from behind her.
She turned to see him approaching, his eyes on the field ahead, watching the same training session she was.
“What is a treant?” she asked, turning her attention back to the scene.
The wolves had all made their jumps, they were back together now and making their way towards the creature.
“According to most human stories and myths, it is a guardian of the forest, meant to protect and maintain,” Alexander sighed, “Really, it was a fae creature.
Almost entirely instinctual. They are aggressive and persistent. When it finds a target, it will not stop attacking until it, or the target is destroyed.”
Selene was blown away, she had heard of different types of fae, but not many. Winter focused on training for the threats that existed, not the ones of the past.
“How is it here?” she asked, mesmerized, as the treant pulled its roots from the ground, turning in the direction of the wolves.
“It’s not,” Alexander answered, crossing his arms over his chest. “Not really anyway. This is a simulation, just like the obstacle course you tried yesterday.”
The treant swung its roots at the group, they moved out of the way narrowly avoiding being hit. The wolves spread out to draw the focus in different directions. The treant swung at one and then another, both missing. One of the wolves called out orders, the other three did exactly as they were told.
The treant was taking damage, it made a loud gurgle sound as several of its roots had been cut by the wolves. The one in charge shouted orders once more, and again the other three listened closely and executed their actions in a sequence that overwhelmed the treant.


Selene cheered.
“They’re amazing!” she shouted excitedly.
“They’re about to lose,” Alexander replied nonchalantly.
She turned to look at him, he was still watching the course. Selene looked back, to her it looked like they were about to take the monster down. How could they lose? What was he seeing that she wasn’t?
Then it happened. Selene stood up straight, eyes wide as she watched the scene unfold.
The wolf in charge stood once more to deliver orders, but before he could, a root that had been slowly and loosely wrapping around his ankle snapped tight. Yanking him hard to the ground. Then dragging him towards the creature as he clawed desperately at anything he could grab. The root lifted him in
the air once more and then threw him at one of the other wolves. The impact sent both flying against the rock wall, neither moving.
Another root shot out at one of the two remaining wolves while they were distracted watching their fallen. The root plunged into the wolf’s leg, causing him to cry out in pain.
The last remaining wolf ran to try to help, but it was too late, the treant dragged the injured wolf into the jagged pieces of bark that resembled a mouth.
The wolf screamed as it disappeared into the hole.
Selene gasped in horror.
The remaining wolf fell to his knees in defeat. A loud buzzer rang out and the scene quickly changed, the trees, the forest ground, the rocky slopes all faded or were retracted into the walls. The two wolves that had been thrown against the rock wall lay still on the ground, while the one who had been swallowed now sat where treant had stood. He held his leg tightly with a look of extreme pain.
Three men wearing medical shirts ran out to check on each of the injured wolves.
“What did they do wrong?” Alexander asked, still watching as his wolves were treated for their injuries.
“I don’t know.” Selene sighed, still processing the fact that these wolves seemed to be seriously injured.
“They didn’t pay attention to the area around them, they let their defenses down when they switched to a position of attack. Their entire plan was based on what one person was seeing, and that person was not involved in the fight, making it clear to the enemy who was in charge,” Alexander stated as the medical team helped the two wolves to their feet.
“Are they ok?” Selene asked, watching the third wolf, the one with the injured leg. There was a significant pool of blood below him.
“No,” Alexander replied simply.
Selene turned to him, horrified by his lack of empathy.
“But they are alive,” he answered, turning to meet her eyes. “Which they wouldn’t be if this had been real.”
“How can you train your soldiers in such a cruel way? You’ll get them killed before ever teaching them properly!” she shouted angrily.
“We do indeed get a lot of injuries,” he said, “but we also have developed the best strategies and defenses. This is how. We treat every simulation, every strategy, every training as though this is the one that decides if we live or die.”
“What about your wolves? It’s easy to say that this harsh training is the right way to do it, but you’re not the one doing it!”
“I have run that simulation many times, my wolves do not do any training or simulations that Galen and myself have not already done,” Alexander growled in response. “I would not ask something of my people that I don’t first expect of myself.”
Selene looked back down at the field; the two wolves that had been knocked out were gone along with one of the medical staff. The wolf with the injured leg was now laying on a stretcher with his leg wrapped. The two remaining medics carried him away.
Only the uninjured wolf stayed on the field. He was still on his knees.
“Why is he still there?” Selene asked softly.
“He is mourning,” Alexander replied.
Selene looked up at him expressing her confusion in her eyes. He met her eyes and turned to face her.
“The physical aspect of battle is not the only thing we train for,” he replied.
Alexander reached into his pocket and pulled out a small disk, after turning it a few times he brought it up to her temple. He asked for permission with a look, she nodded, and he placed it on her skin.
Selene gasped as the world around her changed, she saw the battlefield she had seen below once more, only now it was more realistic. She felt as though she could taste the forest in the air, she could feel the dew on the leaves of the trees that surrounded her.
She turned back where she knew she had seen the wolf on his knees. He was exactly where she thought he would be, but the scene around him was not what she had expected.
“Oh, Goddess…” she whispered.
Before him were the bloody remains of the wolf that she had watched placed on a stretcher only moments ago. She turned her head in the direction the other wolves had been thrown in the fight, there they were. Their bodies were in a mangled heap of blood and bone.
“Many mistakes were made during this fight, each of them has a lesson to learn,” Alexander’s voice whispered behind her. “But this one, he has the greatest lessons to learn.”
Selene turned back to the remaining wolf. He was on his knees, tears streaming down his face, fear and sorrow in his eyes.
“On the battlefield there is no time for regret, no time for mourning. There is not a second chance.”
She listened to Alexander’s words carefully. His tone was distant, but it was also sincere. He wasn’t cold.
Selene watched the man cry, and she couldn’t help but think that as painful as this experience was for him, he would be thankful in the end. Because it wasn’t real. He would see his friends once more, and he would work even harder to make sure he never had to watch them die again.
Alexander was making the decisions for his people that would give them their best chances, not the easiest life.. He was a true leader, and she was in awe of him.









Chapter 29 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Selene removed the device that Alexander had placed on her temple, the forest fell away and all that was left was the man who mourned his friends below.
“What is this?” she asked, admiring the device in her hand.
“It’s a neural link,” Alexander answered, removing it gently from her hand. “Something we developed to create a more realistic experience to learn from.”
“All your wolves use this for training?” she asked.


“Eventually,” Alexander nodded, “they are only used during specific battle simulations. General training and obstacle courses do not need the immersive experience. But for battle tactics and strategy lessons we found it was best to be thorough.”
Selene looked back at the wolf below, a medic was helping him to stand and leading him away now.
“What made you think to use it for this?” she pointed her chin toward the man below.
Alexander looked back at her before he spoke.
“Actually,” he smiled, “they were originally developed for this.”
“What?” Selene asked, baffled.
He let out a light chuckle.
“It’s based on a program for human soldiers,” he began. “The ones that struggle with PTSD.”
A question was written in her eyes without the need for her to ask. Alexander found himself wondering how much of the human world she knew.
“PTSD is a disorder of the mind. Post-Traumatic Stress Disorder. It can happen to anyone that has experienced a traumatic event in their life,” he answered, “the studies this device was made for were on those who had seen battle.
They returned to a world of peace that they didn’t understand anymore. It was designed to help them see the things that were stuck in their minds, the pain, the suffering. To make it real enough to talk about and begin to work through it.”
“Human soldiers?” Selene asked even more confused than she was a moment before.
“Yes,” Alexander answered.
Selene wasn’t sure how to respond to this, her pack used human technology of course. Cell phones, the internet, entertainment. But human interaction was limited to absolute necessity, even the shows and movies they had access to were monitored.
“We adapted it to our needs, but we saw great potential in keeping its original function,” Alexander stated, turning the device in his hands. “We use it in these simulations as well as for general psychological evaluations and treatments.”


“That sounds…amazing,” Selene replied.
She was sure her father would disagree, but she remembered her struggles with losing pack members in battle with rogues. It was something she had not been prepared for, as much as her father had told her about it, it wasn’t the same as experiencing it.
“We take great pride in the things we have done to keep our wolves safe.”
Selene looked around the training field once more, this place amazed her. These advanced tactics, the planning, and forethought. It was no wonder the wolves of Summer were known to have the strongest military. With tools like these, how could anyone compete?
“You could help a lot more than that,” she whispered to herself.
Alexander heard her.
“Did you say something?” he asked, giving her a chance to speak honestly.
“No,” she replied immediately, sighing softly.
‘It’s not his fault,’ she thought to herself, ‘even if he was willing to share, would father even accept it? If Winter had all of this, would we be willing to share?’
“Alpha,” a voice from behind interrupted them.
Selene turned to see a young man wearing one of the medic uniforms she had seen before. He walked directly to Alexander, saluted him, then handed him a tablet. Alexander scrolled past several screens.
“Looks good, send the report to the squad leader, I want to see his notes on the entire simulation, including the injuries,” Alexander said as he handed the tablet back to the man.
“Yes, Alpha,” the man answered as he turned to leave.
“Also,” Alexander called after, the man turned back, “let them know that we will be touring medical in the next ten minutes.”
The man turned his eyes to Selene, she saw the look, one she had seen several times since she arrived in Summer.
“Both of you, Alpha?” he asked, attempting to keep his tone neutral.
Selene smiled. His attempt had failed, she heard the underlying question. ‘Is she coming’.
“We, by definition, would imply both of us,” Alexander stated, his voice cold. “Should I let your supervisor know you will need time in your schedule to review a basic grammar course?”
The man bowed his head.
“That is not necessary, I will let them know, my Alpha.”
He scurried away.
“That wasn’t necessary.” Selene smiled, feeling grateful, but guilty. She remembered the way he had come to her aid at her birthday party. It was a bad habit she needed him to break.
“It was,” he replied.
“No, it wasn’t,” Selene shook her head. “I don’t need you to protect me, I tol—”
“You are a representative of your pack, and a guest,” Alexander interrupted, turning his cold eyes on her, “as such, my wolves will show you respect. Even
more important than that, they will show me respect. I was not ‘protecting’ you; I was maintaining order.”
“I see,” she replied, awkwardly. “I misunderstood. My apologies.”
“Unnecessary.” He scoffed as he turned to leave.
‘Idiot,’ she thought to herself, ‘you were getting along, don’t make things awkward again.’
“Are you coming?” he called back when she didn’t move from her place.
“Right behind you!” she shouted as she ran after him.
***
“Oh my…” Alice whispered, watching with fascination as the treant came to life. “You don’t see that every day.”
She watched quietly from her place in the observation post as the battle played out.
“Saw that coming,” she laughed to herself as the leader was tossed like a ragdoll, letting out another chuckle as his body was used to knock out one of his team members.
“Oh? What’s this?” she asked as she noticed someone else watching the simulation take place.
Across the field, in another observation post, she saw Selene, beside her stood Alpha Alexander. Alice smiled to herself, watching them closely she almost forgot about the battle below. Until the field began to clear.
“Shoot!” she hissed as everything fell away. She had wanted to take pictures of the treant before it was gone, and how the field changed.
Her eyes were drawn back to Selene just in time to catch something else worth her attention, lifting her watch to the window she snapped a picture.
“Oh, y’all are just too kind,” she smiled to herself.
The door behind her opened, quickly she locked her watch.
“You’re not supposed to be in here!” the man who entered shouted at her.
Alice quickly turned with a bright smile.
“I tell you; this place is so big! I was supposed to meet Beta Galen at the training grounds for a tour of the borders, here I am but I got turned around, didn’t see him anywhere.” She laughed awkwardly, playing the role of a clueless idiot, flashing him a sweet smile as a bonus.
“The training grounds are rather large for outsiders,” he smiled back. “I will take you back to the gates personally.”
“If it’s not too much of a bother, I would be very grateful.” Alice blushed.
The man cleared his throat asking her to follow him. He was true to his word, he walked her to the gates of the training grounds. Telling her to stay put while he made a call to Galen.
When he stepped away leaving her alone once more, she took a quick look at the picture she had captured.
Selene looked up at Alexander, and he down at her, as his hand rested at the side of her face.
It had only been a moment, a split second. Alice could see from her vantage that the moment had not even been intimate.. But any image timed perfectly and shown to the right audience, told its own story.









Chapter 30 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Alexander took Selene on a tour of the medical facilities; they were larger than she had expected. They were more advanced, which she had expected. But what she had found surprising was how diverse they were.
She already knew that there would be more of a psychological presence than she had experienced in her pack, but she was blown away to see the extent of it.
Summer had a whole building dedicated to mental health. With a combination of research and treatment teams, Alexander had explained that soldiers and
civilians received routine evaluations to ensure that everyone was taken care of.


Beyond that, there were treatment and research teams for diseases, genetic abnormalities, infections. For both werewolf and human.
Selene was shocked to learn how closely Summer worked with humans. Every wolf in the pack was required to spend at least two years among humans, learning and growing.
Alexander had been very open with her, answering every question she came up with. She had so many more questions she wanted to ask, but she hesitated.
She had noticed everywhere they went, that same look was thrown her way.
The Summer wolves hated her. It seemed like each time he answered one of her questions, that hatred grew.
When they had left the medical facilities Alexander had sent her back to the training arena telling her he would join her once he had reviewed another report.
‘He doesn’t get a break,’ she thought to herself as three different people approached Alexander with tablets, she assumed each contained separate reports.
It was strange. Winter had a larger territory, and more people spread throughout that territory, but Alexander seemed to have far more work than her father.
Not that Alpha Wyatt didn’t have a lot on his plate; he was always busy. But somehow Alexander’s work seemed… more.
As she stood outside of the training arena, she couldn’t help but look around and enjoy the warmth she felt, the freshness in the air, the blue in the sky.
She loved the snow and the mountains; she even missed them. But this place seemed to have already found a place in her heart.
Selene’s mind wandered to the places she had seen pictures of— Bali, Portugal, an ice hotel in Sweden, Halong Bay, glaciers, marble caves, and so many more. The world was huge and beautiful. She wanted to see it all. Being here, listening to stories of working with humans, just made the idea that
much more exciting to her.
“What are you thinking about?” Alexander asked as he approached her.
“All the places I want to see,” she replied smiling.


“Ah, I see. No wonder,” he said.
“No wonder?”
“The smile, I understand why you are smiling now. Traveling is an exciting thought.”
“Isn’t it?” she laughed, “Where would we go?”
The words had left her mouth half a second before her brain highlighted her mistake.
“You!” she shouted quickly. “Where would you go…”
There was nothing she could do to hide the deep shade of red her face had taken on.
Alexander pretended not to need the correction, simply answering for himself.
“I saw several places in Peru that I wanted to visit, and something really interesting,” he said. “Cliffside camping.”
Selene’s embarrassment was briefly pushed aside as her curiosity took hold.
“Cliffside camping? What is that?”
“Clear pods attached to the side of a cliff. They are small, usually, only fit two people inside. There were several set up along the cliffside, including one
that was a sort of dining room. There are zip lines set up to get from pod to pod or you could use the climbing paths.”
“That sounds amazing… like an adventure and a vacation mixed into one,” she giggled with excitement as she imagined what he described.
“Exactly,” he smiled, as he turned to head into the training arena. He leaned down near her ear whispering as he moved past her. “And the pods sleep two.”
Selene’s face burned as he continued to walk away.
“Are you coming?” he shouted back without a glance.
“Yep!” she called after him.
‘I’m not going easy on him this time.’ she growled in her mind.
***
Several hours after his intense sparring match with Selene, Alexander now sat in his office, sorting through all the emails and reports he had missed while they trained together.
They had agreed that for the first week it would be best to simply train together, learning strengths and weaknesses. Afterward, he would focus on teaching her defensive tactics based on her style of fighting. When they traveled to Winter, she would train him like a berserker.
In their first sparring session, they had been testing each other, and both had held back. This time, however, they had both fought hard. He had bruises and soreness as proof and an ice pack on his shoulder.
He hissed in pain as he turned to reach for a paper. The pain made him smile as he thought back to their matches. It had been a long time since he let himself loose like that, though he did still hold back.
The intensity she showed in battle, the seriousness with which she attacked. These were qualities he admired and respected, and frankly, he was attracted to.
Alexander had spent a long time alone in the treehouse after their conversation the day before. He was bitter and angry. He didn’t know how he would react to her. He had come to the simulation that morning, not because he knew she was there, but because he was scheduled to be there.
It was a restricted area that she should not have had access to, and he was quite annoyed when he saw her until he saw the seriousness with which she watched the simulation. Seeing her appreciation for the skills of his wolves warmed him. And then he saw her sincerity to their suffering.
He struggled to keep his distance.
Taking her on a tour of the medical facilities was unnecessary and a security risk at best. Her training with him had no connection to any of the facilities or programs, yet he found himself leading her through the halls and explaining everything they saw, answering her questions, and even giving her more
details than she asked for.
Alexander sighed and leaned in his chair.
There was a knock at the door. Alexander sniffed the air before calling out.
“Come in, Galen.”
Galen entered, closing the door behind him.
“So, how was it?” Alexander asked with tiredness in his voice that Galen took note of.
“We spent the day patrolling every border, I did not tell them about the weak points, waiting to see if anyone would notice them or point them out. Saul,
Winter wolf, he took note of several. He waited until the tour was over and the others had gone off to their break before mentioning it.
He noticed the first few and planned to make suggestions of how to strengthen the defense, but on the fourth, he realized something.”
Galen smiled, Alexander nodded and wondered more about Saul as a person.
“Did he know?” Alexander smiled.
“He did,” Galen smiled back, “he said that he realized they were purposely placed because of the way they were laid out. Whether it was intentional or not he noticed that they were within a certain range of the sentry post and contained some of the easier terrains to traverse.”
“Yes,” Alexander nodded, “so that it leads them in a direction that is easier for us to control.”
“Right, he suggested that not all should be laid out that way. According to Saul, if he were trying to find a weak point in our defenses, he would do exactly what we did today, walk the perimeter. And he would have noticed the same thing and become suspicious. His recommendation was to place some of the weak points in rougher terrain. It would look less obvious, and, though our control would be weakened, our wolves would still do better on it than any invaders.
His final suggestion was about camouflaged sentry posts. He recommended that for the rough terrain weak points, we create false natural structures with tunnels that sentries could use to travel.”
Alexander tilted his head, that idea was interesting.
“It’s a good idea,” he said softly.
“I agree,” said Galen.
“Anything else?” Alexander asked, returning to his paperwork. “What about the other representatives?”
“Nothing else, Autumn’s representative complained the whole time that his cellphone didn’t get a good signal.”
Alexander let out a low growl when the idiot was mentioned but tried to ignore it. “And Spring?”
Galen did not respond right away, causing Alexander to look up questioningly.
“Alice was late to arrive this morning.”
“And?”
“When we could not find her, we searched, then I received a call from the security team,” Galen began.
Alexander sat up in his chair fully paying attention.
“They found her in one of the observation decks. The man who found her says she claimed to have been lost. He didn’t see a simulation running at the
time, so he didn’t find it suspicious.”
“When was this?” Alexander asked.
“It was exactly when you think it was.” Galen sighed. “I suspect she witnessed at least one of the fae runs.”
“How did she get in!” Alexander growled, suddenly remembering that Selene had also entered the secure site, seemingly with no problem. “Selene was
there too.”
“What?” Galen asked, surprised.
“I went to observe the treant simulation. I found Selene watching. She seemed to have had no issue getting into the room.”
“I will look into this,” Galen answered seriously.
“Yes, you will. Look for any suspicious outgoing communications as well.” Alexander growled. “In the meantime, keep your eyes on Alice.”
Galen clenched his jaw before nodding and leaving the office.. Keeping eyes on Alice wasn’t the issue, it was getting her eyes off him that was a problem.









Chapter 31 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Selene was walking around a fountain, just taking a little free time to explore while Alexander was stuck in meetings all morning. She found herself hoping he would be done early; she was sure that today she would be able to beat him in sparring. So far, they had come out even.
Alexander and Selene had spent the last several days fighting for dominance in the sparring rooms, their competitive natures keeping them entertained and pushing them both to work harder than ever.
So long as they focused on their duty, they got along perfectly with little to no arguments.
They even found that they enjoyed their time together, without the awkwardness of the bond to distract them.


The only real problem they had was Alexander’s schedule. He was constantly being pulled away for meetings, reports, and general duties as the Alpha. But Selene understood and took the time to either train or see more of Summer.
Exploring Summer had been something of an eye-opener for her. She had always known that Winter was more secluded than the other packs, partially due to the environment, but largely due to their traditions. It hadn’t bothered her before, not enough to feel uneasy.
But now.
As she rounded the corner of the building she walked along, she was surprised to see a group of children on a playground. They danced and played, laughing, and smiling. She sat down at a bench and watched them for a short time.
“Watching children is often seen as a warning sign.”
Selene glanced back over her shoulder to a smiling Galen.
“Hello,” she smiled, turning back to observe the children.
“Seriously, should I be concerned?” Galen laughed, moving to stand beside the bench she sat on.
“Don’t be dumb,” she sighed. “I was just taking it in. It’s different than I am used to.”
“How so?” Galen asked, looking at the children.
She glanced back at him, and then back to the children.
“I am learning that Winter is very different from the other packs, in many fundamental ways.”
Selene sighed, watching as a boy pushed a girl on a swing. “What was your childhood like Galen?”
“Well, that’s a very personal question.” Galen laughed awkwardly. “But I guess it was fairly average.”
“What is average?” Selene sighed, “Did you play? Did you train? Did you learn about the world?”


“A little of everything,” Galen replied.
“And what about the shifting,” Selene asked, watching a girl about eight years old laughing on the playground.
“Now, that,” Galen replied seriously. “Is too personal.”
He felt his father’s hand gripping his shoulder, he heard the whispers of condolences rattling around in his memory. He shook it away and focused back on Selene.
“I’m sorry,” she sighed. “I know it is.”
Galen watched her carefully. They were not close. He had sort of avoided her since the night of the full moon. He had been left with questions and some hard feelings towards her after he had seen Alexander the next day. But in his heart, she was still his Luna, and he felt a deep loyalty to her.
“I have found in my life that it helps to talk about the things that scratch at our minds. Questions that won’t go away, observations that prickle our curiosity. I can’t promise all the answers, but I can promise to listen.”
Selene looked up at Galen, she couldn’t help but smile. Bell had been right; he truly was like a big puppy. Sweet, kind, and loyal to a fault.
“What?” he asked with a smile, sensing the shift in her mood.
“I was just thinking of something Bell said about you,” she laughed.
His eyes lit up and she could almost imagine big pointy ears and a shaggy tail wagging happily.
“She mentioned me?” he asked, trying to keep his voice casual.
“In passing,” Selene replied, holding back a chuckle.
Galen licked his lips before sitting down beside her. He tried his best to appear relaxed as his insides did flips.
“How is she?” he asked.
“Last I saw she was doing well.”
“Good, glad to hear it,” Galen nodded, “she seemed like a very nice person.”
Selene couldn’t hold it back anymore, she let out a loud laugh. Galen smiled awkwardly as the flush settled over him.
“My, oh my,” the playful and ever-smiling voice of Alice came from their left. “What kind of fun is happening here?”
“Nothing special, we were just having a chat,” Selene replied simply.
“But the scarlet on the face of this delicious hunk of man seems to suggest a bit more fun than all that,” Alice smiled suggestively.
“Please, don’t stop on my account, I do love to see a handsome man blush.”
Galen groaned quietly beside her, and Selene couldn’t help but feel for him. Alice had not been subtle about her interest in him.
“I need to get back to the training arena.” Selene sighed as she got up from the bench.
“Oh poo, I ruined the fun,” Alice pouted, “Maybe next time I see such fun, I shouldn’t announce my presence.”
The smile on her lips was mischievous.
“I thought you weren’t a spy,” Galen replied, a hint of irritation in his tone.
“I’m not,” Alice grinned, “scout’s honor.”
Selene smirked walking towards her, as she got closer, she whispered so only Alice could hear her words.
“A scout is only a face the spy shows to the world.”
Selene did not stop, continuing her stride without so much as a glance in Alice’s direction.
Alice’s grin grew even wider, she watched as Selene walked away.
“I like her,” she said out loud, turning back to Galen with a smile, “I really do.”
For once, the words she said were exactly what she meant.
***
“Our friendship has become something precious to me.” Holden smiled while handing a bottle of water to Jackson.
Jackson took the water with a heavy sigh. They had finished the daily scouting sessions more than an hour earlier. He had decided to get in a workout, but he had forgotten his water bottle.
Holden had a habit of appearing whenever Jackson needed something. If it wasn’t for the fact that he usually also brought some form of bad or disturbing news, he might have liked him.
“And why is that?” Jackson asked, opening the bottle, and taking a drink.
Holden only smiled in response.
Jackson hated that Cheshire Cat grin, it usually meant that Holden was about to ‘accidentally’ reveal something irritating.
“What is it now?” Jackson growled.
“No fooling you, I see,” Holden laughed, “then let us set aside the pretense.”
Holden handed Jackson the large envelope he had been holding behind his back.
“As I said, I consider our friendship precious. I do make a habit of being a good friend, in every way I can.”
Jackson opened the envelope, before he saw them, he already knew it would be pictures, and he already suspected who would be in the pictures.
He wasn’t wrong.
Image after image of Selene and Alexander. In some they were mid-spar, in others they were laughing. In all of them, they were alone.
Jackson threw the pictures to the ground.
“And in what way is this being a good friend!” Jackson shouted with an angry snarl, standing to look down at Holden.
Holden only smiled.
“Better to know, than to wonder, or be lied to later.”
“She wouldn’t!” Jackson growled. “It’s impossible.”
“Why, sometimes I’ve believed as many as six impossible things before breakfast.” Holden giggled, staring at Jackson in expectation.
“What the hell are you on about?” Jackson replied, his irritation growing by the second.
“It’s a quote, Alice in Wonderland.” Holden smiled happily. “I’m quite fond of it.”
“Never would have guessed,” Jackson grumbled sarcastically, thinking of Holden’s stupid grin as he took another drink from the water bottle.
“Yes, I think if you examine the books and even the movies or games inspired by them, there is much to learn from many of the characters.” Holden’s words were said aloud, but Jackson felt he was talking more to himself than anyone else.
“It’s how I chose her name,” he said these words so quietly, even Jackson did not hear.
Holden’s smile widened suddenly, and he looked back at Jackson.
“The point remains. Impossible, you say, that she would lie to you. Yet, you didn’t know she had gone to Summer until I told you,” Holden replied.
Jackson gritted his teeth and kicked the pictures before dropping back down onto the bench he had been sitting in before Holden’s arrival.
“They are sparring. That is why she is there. What is the point of these pictures?” he grumbled angrily.
Holden reached down into the dirt, shuffling through the pictures until he found the one he sought.
“Is this some new sparring method? I admit I am not up to date on the latest fighting tactics myself.” Holden chuckled as he handed the picture to Jackson.
It was a shot that featured Selene looking up at Alexander, and he down at her, as his hand rested at the side of her face.
Jackson seethed with a deep rage as his hands clenched into fists, crushing the sides of the picture.









Chapter 32 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Alexander was tired.
Everything ached his skin, his lungs, his eyes. His whole body felt as though it were burning.
Desperate gasps for air, whimpers of pain.
His heartbeat was pounding like a drum in his ears.


Sweat covered him.
He dropped to his knees unable to keep standing, the chains burning away at his wrists and ankles. He gritted his teeth through the pain and closed his blurry eyes.
Her scent hit him suddenly; her heartbeat joined with his in the echoing chambers of his ears.
He felt her close to him in a way he had never experienced. A shockwave of pain and pleasure ripped through him, the sensation so strong it forced a howl from the deepest parts of him.
His mouth salivated at the thought of her. His breathing was more labored as his body responded to the natural impulses of the bond.
‘This is torture,’ he thought to himself.
Tears rolled down his face, a soft whimper escaped his lips.
Alexander gasped loudly as he woke up with a start. Sitting up in his bed, he looked around him. He was still in his bedroom. No chains, the moon wasn’t full.
He took several deep breaths, calming his pounding heart.
It had been three nights in a row that he had had this dream. Each one was a bit more intense than the last. He knew it was about the night of the full moon, but he didn’t know why he kept dreaming about it, or how to make it stop.
Alexander felt the frustration in his body, he was a man after all. But more than that, he felt it in a place he couldn’t do anything about. He felt the bond in a way he could never have prepared for.
‘When you meet her, you will understand.’
His mother’s words echoed in his mind.
Shoving the blankets aside he got up and walked over to his small balcony. Alexander opened the doors and stepped out, breathing in the night air felt refreshing. He leaned on the railing and took a deep breath, lifting his head to the sky.
The moon took her place high above him, her ethereal glow lit the sky in a way that on any other night would bring him comfort. But tonight, she mocked him.


Alexander growled before heading back inside for a long cold shower.
An hour and a half later he crawled back into bed. After his shower, he had done an intense workout hoping to exhaust his body beyond dreaming. He desperately needed sleep.
“Dreamless sleep, dreamless sleep,” he whispered to himself in quiet prayer as he yawned.
The swirling blackness of sleep embraced him, and he smiled as it took him away.
Heartbeats, gasps for air, pain, pleasure.
Tears rolled down his face, a soft whimper escaped his lips.
“Alexander?” a gentle whisper broke through the echoing heartbeats.
That voice sang to him.
The weight of his head felt as though he was lifting his entire body, slowly he was able to raise himself enough to meet her eyes. Her entrancing hazel eyes.
His pain, his fear, his arousal. All these things he saw reflected in her eyes, but they belonged to her.
Each step she took towards him made his body heavier, his breaths deeper, his desire stronger.
Tears streamed down her face, he longed to touch her, to wipe the tears away and hold her in his arms. To press his nose against her throat and breathe her in.
She reached her hand out to his cheek, her fingers lightly touching him, his eyes closed at the touch. A tingling spreading from her fingertips through his body.
He looked up at her once more, every part of him aching to be with her. His heart was beating so hard, his lungs burned with his desperate gasps for air.
‘Are you mine?’ he heard the words in his mind asking, it took him a moment to recognize his voice.
A look of sadness, pain, and confusion fell over her eyes. She placed both hands on his face, and suddenly the air around them was breathable once more.
Her hands were on his skin, the air around them, the feeling was indescribable. Every part of him felt a sigh of relief, of pure calm and joy.
He looked into her eyes once more, pouring his warmth into her.
She smiled back at him, a soft warm smile.
Had he ever seen that look before? He wanted to see it every day, every moment from now on.
“Selene,” he whispered, smiling back at her.
“Alexander,” she let out a small sigh and smiled again.
Selene put her arms around him and hugged him, Alexander closed his eyes, feeling a warmth spread through every part of him.
‘You are what I want,’ he whispered in his mind.
Alexander tried to put his arms around her, but suddenly became aware of the chains once more, as the sting along his wrists renewed, he hissed.
Selene pulled back, she looked at his face and then up to the chains.
“Oh goddess,” she whispered as she saw the burns.
She reached up to remove the chains, he pulled back.
“Don’t!” he called out. “They’ll burn you too.”
Selene smiled at him, then reached her hands up once more. She quickly loosened one hand, and then the other. He watched closely, feeling a stabbing pain in his heart as he saw her wince each time her skin touched the metal.
He stopped her from releasing his ankles, doing so himself. Once he was free, he didn’t wait to take her into his arms. He rushed towards her, wrapping his arms around her waist, and pressing his nose into the crook of her neck, breathing her into his lungs deeply.
She laughed at his impatience, before wrapping her arms around his neck and laying her head against his.
They stayed like this for a long time.
Alexander had never known a feeling like this, a closeness, a connection so deep that he was left unguarded, and unafraid. With her he felt complete.
Though he wished to remain forever, his body was tired, he felt weak and heavy. She noticed it too.
“Let’s sit down,” she whispered against his hair, sending warm vibrations through his skin that his body reacted to.
He nuzzled into her neck once more, drinking her in, tasting her scent. He nudged her neck with his nose until his lips grazed her throat tenderly, she moaned softly. A sound that once more sent a rippling pleasure through him.
He pulled her against him tightly. His hot breath tickling her throat, she let out another soft moan. He felt her swallow, her breathing becoming ragged.
‘Mate,’ he whispered in his mind.
He knew what he needed, what they both needed. His eyes looked at her beautiful neck, his tongue slipped out from between his lips, touching her ever so lightly. She let out a shuddering gasp.
Alexander knew what to do, he felt it. This spot, he touched it lightly once more with his tongue.
Selene shuddered again, this time she also pulled him tightly against her as her lungs drew shaky breaths.
All he had to do was mark her, and she would be his. No one could keep them apart.
He kissed that precious place on her neck, her reaction making his body ache.
Alexander pulled away from her, she looked into his eyes. He saw her desire, he saw her need, at this moment he knew she would accept him.
He led them to a place against the wall, he pulled her down to sit beside him.
When she sat down, he laid his head on her lap. She moved her hand to his head, running her fingers through his hair. He smiled at the comforting touch.
“I’m tired,” he whispered.
“Sleep,” she whispered back.
He reached for her other hand, bringing it to rest over his heart and holding it tightly there.
“My heart beats for you Selene,” he whispered.
She gasped, her fingers stopped moving for just a moment. He felt a panic beginning in his heart at this reaction. Her fingers moved once more, and he could breathe again.
His head, his eyes, his body, everything grew heavier. His eyelids were beginning to close, his consciousness drifting away.
“Please, don’t leave me…” he whispered as the darkness took him.
Alexander woke with a gasp and hollow feeling in his gut. He took long deep breaths, bringing his hand to his face. He wasn’t surprised to find the wetness left by his tears.
It wasn’t a dream, it was a memory.
“She lied,” he whispered to himself, a painful sorrow settling over his heart.









Chapter 33 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Since Alexander had cancelled the sparring session for the morning, Selene was left unsure of what she should do. Exploring the facilities had left her with lingering questions and frustrations about the differences between Summer and Winter.
She could go train in the obstacle courses, except the other wolves training in the area would give her nasty looks or talk about her as though she didn’t have great hearing.
Selene had a thick skin, but even she could only take so much.
She found herself back in her room laying on her bed staring up at the ceiling.


“I’m so bored,” she whispered to herself, “if he was going to cancel, he should have at least let me go with the others.”
The rest of the representatives had left to explore the borders once more, this time to witness staged attacks. Selene had been restricted from all activities with the other representatives because of Alexander’s schedule. It hadn’t been an issue until today.
She grunted in frustration, getting up from the bed and pacing around, she glanced out the window. The rolling hills, river, a mountain without snow. She smiled to herself as she realized what she wanted to do.
***
Twenty minutes later she panted happily as she raced through the trees. Without any snow to slow them down, her four legs were taking her faster than they ever had before.
She jumped from rock to rock, dashed between trees, and drank from the river. The air was different here. Raising her snout to the sky, she sniffed.
Trees, dirt, flowers. That was the one that smelled different. She walked into the trees following the scent of the flowers. She found a small clearing in the trees. Tall green grass with patches of wildflowers, this was what she had smelled.
Selene bounded into the flowers, hopping around, sometimes rolling in the dirt. Enjoying the freedom of it all. She laid back lazily in the sunshine. A beautiful yellow and purple flower grew next to her, she leaned forward sniffing it deeply, sneezing as the pollen hit the back of her nose.
“Careful, Winter wolf,” a woman’s voice called behind her, “the bees are quite fond of those.”
Selene jumped back, turning to face the intruder. It was an older woman, probably in her early fifties. Brown hair with grey highlights. She carried a large wooden walking stick that she was currently leaning on with both hands. She smiled warmly.
‘How does she know who I am?’ Selene wondered to herself. This was the first time she had shifted since arriving in Summer. And she didn’t recognize this woman; she sniffed the air looking for her scent. It was familiar and yet still foreign to her.
“Oh, we’ve never met, Winter,” she chuckled. “But I do know all the Summer wolves, and you are not one of them.”
Selene shifted back to her human form. She was glad Alexander had provided each of them with a set of mesh training gear. Even if it limited her ability to feel the wind in her fur, it was better than being caught naked in the woods. Again.
“How did you know I wasn’t one of the other representatives?” Selene asked curiously.
The woman smiled and took a few steps closer, until she stood in the sunlight. Selene was able to see her features better now, she was beautiful. Her eyes were the color of a stormy sky.


“Winter wolves have a second coat,” she laughed. “I assume it is a natural evolution from the climate your pack inhabits. But it makes it easier to identify a Winter wolf. Much like the Autumn wolves all have some kind of dark marking in their fur.”
Selene thought of Bell for a moment, they had run together many times, and the woman was right. Bell’s wolf form was almost completely white, except for a dark mask around her eyes extending to her snout.
“Spring wolves are all much lighter colors, greys or tans. Summer wolves all have some red in their fur,” the woman added.
Selene hadn’t had the chance to see many wolves outside of winter. Definitely not a Summer wolf. The one time Alexander had shifted around her, she had been busy running away. Now she was curious about what his wolf looked like.
“Your wolf is quite beautiful I must say,” the woman smiled. “You look happy here too. I didn’t expect to see a Winter wolf smiling in Summer ever again.”
“I’m sorry,” Selene said, holding back the irritation she felt, “who are you?”
If she was going to have to listen to someone else talking about her as though she were a fungus on their precious summer lands, she at least deserved to know their name.
“My name is Fiona,” the woman smiled.
“Nice to meet you, I’m Selene. Not Winter, or Winter wolf, or some other name that is meant to show me how little you think of me just because of where I come from.” Selene growled.
“Goodness.” Fiona laughed. “I truly did not mean to offend you with my choice of words, I just didn’t know your name. I thought acknowledging you as Winter would at least be better than saying ‘hey random wolf over there’, but I suppose I was wrong.”
Her voice was all smiles and laughter. Fiona was not offended by Selene or her outburst.
“I’m sorry,” Selene sighed.
“They’ve really been giving you a rough time, haven’t they?”
“No,” Selene shook her head, “I mean, yea, they don’t like me, and they haven’t tried to hide it. But it’s not like anyone has really done anything mean to me.”
“Then why do you seem so upset that I know you are from Winter?”
“I’m not sure.” Selene replied honestly. “I have never spent much time outside of Winter, I guess the differences are… getting to me?”
“Is it bad?” Fiona asked.
“It’s just… different.” Selene sighed once more, unable to say what she meant.
“Ok, is it better?”
“I don’t know.” Selene answered, she had been wondering that herself.
“Hmm,” Fiona murmured, before shrugging her shoulders. “Well, all I can say is that in spite of the questions you face, I hope you find joy during your time in Summer.”
“Thank you.” Selene smiled.
“Try not to let their grumbles and stink eyes get you down.” Fiona laughed, referring to the other wolves. “My mate was well loved.”
“Your mate?” Selene asked, unsure what Fiona meant.
“Yes,” Fiona smiled, “Alpha Cain.”
Selene felt as though ice water had been poured over her.
“He was a good man, his people loved him dearly. They don’t hate you dear, they just miss him.”
“You… you are the Luna… you are Ca—” Selene stuttered out.
“No dear.” Fiona interrupted, stepping closer to Selene and holding her eye contact as she spoke a little quieter. “I am not Luna anymore, that position belongs to Alexander’s mate.”
***
Fiona remained in the clearing long after Selene had made her awkward getaway. She smiled, feeling the warmth of the sun on her aching bones.
Two years later it still hurt, but at least she could walk again.
She reached her hand into her pocket, pulling out a metal disc and placing it on her temple.
“I met her,” she said out loud.
“What did you think?” came a voice in her mind.
“I am not sure yet,” replied Fiona. “She isn’t ready. Not to be Luna, not to be his.”
There was a sadness in her voice.
“Are you sure you don’t have an opinion of her already?” the voice replied with an auditory smile.
“Watch that sass, boy,” she growled playfully.
“Of course,” he replied with a chuckle, “do I have orders?”
“More of the same, keep an eye on them. Keep him safe.” Fiona sighed.
“Always.”
“Good, now get back to work before someone makes trouble, again.” Fiona smiled before removing the neural link.
Across the territory at the southern border, Galen smiled to himself.
“Of course, Madam,” he whispered as he touched a hidden disc implanted at the base of his thumb, cutting off his neural link.









Chapter 34 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
For the first week they had trained together every day, they had competed and learned from each other.
Selene thought they had moved past all the awkwardness and had even built a friendship of sorts. But suddenly everything changed, four days earlier, the same day she had met Alexander’s mother by accident. Since that day, everything seemed different between them.
Alexander had canceled sessions. He had brought in Galen to replace him or sometimes the other representatives. He rarely showed up to their scheduled training matches himself.
He would leave instructions for her to run simulations or obstacle courses that he would review and send notes on when he had time.


He very rarely spent time one-on-one with her anymore.
Before, she would have been thankful for this change, glad to be away from him and avoid any risk of confusion. But that didn’t matter now, this was her job, a task given to her by her alpha. He was disrespecting her, looking down on her.
As she looked at the way Summer was run, at the advancements, they had over any other pack. She understood very clearly what he thought of her. She wasn’t worth his time, not when he had so much more to work with.
***
Alexander had struggled with the way he felt when his memories of the full moon had returned.
He was angry, hurt, and disappointed.
He had a hard time being around her. He canceled training sessions but would find reasons to be in the same area she was in. Keeping his distance, while still being near her.
He asked Galen to spar with her, but as he watched in the observation deck he seethed with a jealous rage at each touch. He witnessed her focus and determination to win against Galen and Alexander longed to be part of it.
He had arranged simulations and obstacle courses; she took each challenge and ran headfirst into it with a fire he desperately wanted to feel. Alexander watched as she broke speed records against beasts that even some of his strongest men struggled to take down in a group.
He cheered for her from the shadows and longed to tell her how proud he was of her.
But every time Selene tried to talk to him alone, he heard a whisper in his memory.
‘Please, don’t leave me.’
Filling him with regret and loneliness.
He avoided her; he avoided the pain of his memories. He knew how she felt about him, she had made that perfectly clear.
He was not her mate, the other one was.


But unfortunately for him, she was his mate. He needed to find a way to get past that painful truth.
***
Four days of back and forth between the representatives he was meant to guide and Selene.
Galen was at the end of his rope.
He had watched for these four days as Alexander tried to avoid her while keeping his eyes firmly on her.
He had been sent in Alexander’s place to spar with her, feeling the hateful gaze of his Alpha, while taking the brutal strikes of his Luna’s injured pride.
Alexander refused to tell him what was wrong, Selene was getting angrier by the day, and Fiona was insisting that Galen simply let the situation play out.
Galen wasn’t sure how much more he could take.
“Hello, sugar.”
That sickly sweet voice made Galen clenched his jaw and breathed deeply through his nose.
“Where have you been hiding yourself these days? It feels like I hardly ever see you anymore,” Alice pouted as she sat beside him on the bench leaning her head on his shoulder, prompting him to stand up.
Alice giggled at his reaction.
“While I do prefer your devilish good looks, I do not mind this view at all,” Alice purred with an arched brow.
Galen looked back at her only to realize he had stood directly in front of her. She was staring at his butt. He quickly moved away to the bench that sat across from her.
“Spoilsport,” she smiled.
“Is there something you need Alice?” Galen sighed.
“Well, now that you mention it. I do have some needs I would very much like your help with,” she replied, licking her lips and giving him a quick wink.
Galen growled to show his irritation.
“Oh my, you really are just no fun today,” Alice pouted once more.
“I’m not here to entertain you, Alice.”
“Then are you here to entertain Miss Selene?” Alice asked.
“What?” Galen said.
“I just mean, that it seems you have been paying an awful lot of attention to her. Didn’t I hear that you were supposed to be with the rest of us?” she questioned leaning back against the bench as she crossed her arms over her chest.
“Alpha Alexander—” Galen started.
“Oh yes! Alpha Alexander!” Alice clapped, “that’s right! I believe he was the one who was meant to train with her right? And why is that exactly? Why did Winter get to send two representatives?”
“Well, we also sent two representatives to Spring.” Galen countered.
“Yes, you did, but that was a late addition, more of an auditing the class and not a private tutoring with our alpha,” Alice smiled brightly, leaning forward she spoke quietly. “Between you and me, a lot of your people ain’t really about that either. There’s been a lot of talk.”
“Well, you don’t need to concern yourself with the goings on of Summer,” Galen grumbled.
“Oh, it’s just a bunch of gossip really,” Alice sighed dramatically. “Just some stories about Alpha Alexander paying so much extra attention to Selene. The special treatment he has given her.”
“Alpha Alexander is responsible for her training; it is not special treatment. It was an arrangement made between the alphas.”
“Right, right. So, you said. I was just a wee bit concerned about those rumors talking about the two of them getting real close and personal, like suddenly running off into the woods together where no one could find them. Or how much attention he pays to her when he isn’t even the one training her.”
Galen watched the smile on her lips twist from feigned innocence to mischief.
“There was something about giving her access to some secret project too. I found that one mighty interesting,” Alice paused, smiling wide, “wanna talk about that?”
Galen worked hard to keep his anger from rising to the surface, but it was difficult.
“Or,” he began, “we could talk about you somehow finding your way into restricted areas. Or how mysteriously those restricted areas have had multiple scheduling errors around the times you’ve been spotted nearby.”
“Oh goodness. Sounds like you might have a nasty bug somewhere in your system,” Alice smiled. “Might want to get that checked out before something serious goes wrong.”
“Good idea,” Galen replied.
They stared intently at each other for a moment, Alice finally broke the silence with a laugh.
“You three are something else,” she sighed. “There is something strange between those two, and you, well, I really do enjoy our chats.”
“The feeling is not mutual,” Galen replied with a bright smile.
“Honey not vinegar, Darlin. Don’t you know the basic rules of talking to the enemy?”
“Are you my enemy?” Galen asked, looking her in the eye.
Alice let out a small gasp, she hadn’t expected the seriousness of his eyes or his question.
“I’m not sure yet,” she answered honestly, before turning to leave.
“I’d rather you not be,” Galen said as she was walking away.
“So would I,” Alice whispered to herself with a curious smile.. These people were very interesting to her.









Chapter 35 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
After his conversation with Alice, Galen had done several things. The first was instructing the security systems team to run every cleaning program they could think of on all their systems. He was sure Alice had given him a clue when she mentioned the bug in his system.
He also sent a team of security guards throughout the entire facility to check for physical connections or devices. Just in case.
While he was implementing his extermination plan, he also discreetly tried to find the basis of the gossip she had mentioned. It didn’t take long.
Everywhere he went he heard rumors about Alexander and Selene.


Galen sighed heavily. Alice hadn’t been lying, though he couldn’t help but wonder just how many of these rumors she may have had a hand in starting or at least spreading. He could almost see the smile and wink she would give him if he suggested it.
He lightly rubbed at the base of his thumb; a familiar hum told him he was connected.
“Madam, there are —”
“Is this about the rumors or the security issues?” Fiona whispered in his mind.
He chuckled to himself.
In her role as Luna, Fiona had always been ahead of the game. She had decent fighting skills, but she excelled in strategic planning and information gathering.
“I was planning to report both. But now I see there’s no need. What’s the point of me in all this again?” he laughed.
“Hush now,” she chided, “so how is he reacting to it?”
“I haven’t spoken with him yet,” Galen replied.
“Well, why are you talking to me?” Fiona laughed.
“‘Galen, you report everything to me first’,” Galen stated, “I believe those were your orders.”
“You are getting cheeky, you know that?” Fiona huffed playfully.
“You’ve given me too much freedom, Madam,” Galen laughed.
Fiona let out an audible sigh.
“Why do you insist on this ‘Madam’ stuff?”


“You won’t let me call you Luna anymore. Madam seems the next best title.”
“You could try ‘mom’…” Fiona offered.
“Madam…” Galen countered with a sigh.
“Come on, just try it, take it for a spin, see how it feels,” she laughed.
“That wouldn’t be appropriate,” he answered simply.
Fiona had been trying to get him to call her ‘mom’ for the better part of ten years. His mother had passed away when he was a teenager. She and Fiona had been as close as sisters. When she passed, Fiona had taken it upon herself to take Galen in as a second son.
His father had done his best, but the mate bond had ravaged him, he was sick for the rest of his short life. By the time Galen reached his mandatory rotation in the human world, his father had already joined his mother.
“You’ll call Alexander brother but calling me mom ‘wouldn’t be appropriate’” Fiona muttered in a mocking tone. “Whatever, go tell him what’s going on. See what he has to say about it. But make sure he takes action.”
“I can’t exactly force him to make any decisions,” Galen sighed.
“You can encourage him in the right direction,” she replied.
“And that direction would be?” he asked.
“Why are you asking me? I’m not the alpha,” she giggled, “Good night my sweet boy!”
Galen laughed as the connection was cut. He turned off his link and proceeded toward Alexander’s office.
He sighed heavily when he reached the door. He lifted his fist, hesitating to knock.
‘He’s probably busy. I should come back another time,’ Galen convinced himself.
He turned to leave when he had a sudden feeling of déjà vu.
“Come in, Galen,” came Alexander’s voice from the other side of the door.
‘Damn,’ he thought to himself, regretting that moment of hesitation.
Galen stepped into the large office, closing the door behind him.
“What is it?” Alexander asked from his desk, once more focused on his laptop.
Galen glanced around the room, his eyes landing on the small sofa and chair.
“Why don’t we have a drink and relax for a moment?” he suggested.
“Do you have nothing better to do?” Alexander asked, still staring at his computer screen.
“I have plenty to do, sir, since my tasks have recently tripled,” Galen replied through gritted teeth.
Alexander glanced up at him with an arched brow.
“Are you here to complain about being overworked?” Alexander asked with a hint of a smile.
“Wouldn’t dream of it,” Galen smiled.
Alexander chuckled, returning once more to the computer.
Galen sighed.
“Alexander—”
“Galen, I have work to do,” Alexander interrupted. “If you have something to say, then just say it.”
“Fine,” Galen said. “We need to talk about a possible security breach, as well as a general unhappiness among the rest of the Summer wolves.”
Alexander looked up and held Galen’s gaze, Alexander’s eyes held darkness in them.
“What security breach?” he asked seriously.
“I am happy to finish this conversation over a drink, at the sofa.” Galen smiled.
“Galen…” Alexander growled menacingly.
‘Stubborn dog,’ Galen growled to himself. ‘You’re not the one who has to keep going back and requesting new laptops or resetting all of the security systems for access!’
Galen swallowed before clearing his throat. He reached forward and grabbed Alexander’s laptop.
“Let’s just…” he began as he unplugged the laptop and moved it to the table behind him. “Yep, that’s better.”
Galen turned back to see an irritated expression on Alexander’s face. He shrugged in response.
“Galen! The security breach?” Alexander grumbled.
“Right, you had me looking into Alice,” Galen began. “The time that I mentioned before doesn’t appear to be the only time she has either been spotted in or around the restricted simulations.”
“Where else?” Alexander asked.
“I don’t know which specific simulations she might have seen, but from what I have put together it looks like she is focused on the Fae tactics.”
Alexander took a deep breath.
He had known it was a risk that someone would find out eventually, especially after he allowed Selene to watch one of the simulations.
“There were also some questionable data streams close to the times she was spotted. Nothing solid, no videos or calls. But data spikes that were large enough and close enough to raise concerns.”
“Weren’t all phones and communication devices confiscated upon the arrival of each of the representatives?” Alexander questioned.
“Yes, but they have been allowed access to some degree,” Galen replied, rolling his eyes before continuing, “Jerry wouldn’t shut up until we allowed him his phone.”
“Jerry?” Alexander wondered, not recognizing the name.
“The idiot from Autumn,” Galen replied.
Alexander growled.
“Yes, I know.” Galen sighed.
“Why does that idiot have any say in the decisions of Summer?”
“He doesn’t,” Galen answered, before adding. “But I only agreed with the expressed limitation that all phone calls would be recorded, all messages monitored, all pictures erased. The security systems team hands the phones out and collects them again. They are monitored and wiped.”
“Has there been anything of note in the monitoring?” Alexander asked.
“Of note? Jerry is a disgusting idiot. We have had to switch out the analyst reviewing his information three times now.” Galen replied with revulsion.
Alexander gave him a questioning glance.
“You’d be shocked how many dick pics can be both taken and sent in the half-hour he has his phone each day… seriously… I don’t understand how it’s physically possible.”
Alexander closed his eyes and brought his hand up to squeeze his temples.
“Alice’s phone, Alice. Is there anything of note in her data?” he grumbled.
“Not really. She uses her phone to play games during her allotted time. A mix of puzzle games and those choose your own adventure love story ones,” Galen answered. “And the data spikes I mentioned aren’t at those times. They happened earlier in the day.”
“You said she has been spotted, what do you mean? If she was seen in a restricted area why weren’t there any reports about this?” Alexander demanded.
“Well… that’s…” Galen hesitated.
“Just spit it out, Galen,” Alexander muttered.
Galen cleared his throat.
“There were no reports for two reasons… the first, there was an issue in scheduling. For some reason, there was an overlap of shifts and later a gap between shifts.”
“How the hell did that happen?” Alexander said angrily. He had always made sure that his people were organized and structured, this report was more aggravating than anything else Galen had told him.
“We think there is a bug in the system. I have analysts hunting it down through now. I also have guards searching for any physical device that could be loading any new bugs.”
Alexander let out a heavy sigh and sat back in his chair.
“And the other reason?”
Galen cleared his throat. “The second reason was because of some confusion.”
“What kind of confusion?” Alexander leaned forward.
“The kind of confusion caused when the Alpha takes a member of an enemy pack into restricted areas as though he were some kind of tour guide,” Galen answered quickly with an awkward smile.
“Excuse me!” Alexander shouted standing from his chair so fast that the chair slammed against the wall.
“And that’s why the laptop is over here,” Galen said quietly, avoiding Alexander’s icy glare.
“Are you saying that this security breach is somehow my fault?” Alexander asked, his voice dripping with venom.
“No,” Galen said, “your people are saying that.”
Alexander’s eyes widened; he was shocked by Galen’s words.
“What?” Alexander asked incredulously.
Galen sighed and rubbed the base of his thumb; a soft hum signaled his access to the neural link. He sent a signal to Alexander, the only other wolf to have a neural link installed in his person.
Alexander opened his connection and was shocked by what he heard.
Galen shared a memory through their link, the things he had heard just walking in the street and hallways without even trying to find them.
“The Winter bitch has done something to the Alpha.”
“Someone saw them running off together into the woods, why would they do that? Where did they go?”
“I heard he let her into the restricted areas. Why do we have to train for years to even get a glimpse, but our enemy just gets to go in anytime she wants?”
“Alexander forgives too easily.”
“There is no honor in this exchange. Alpha Alexander is too young, swayed by a pretty face.”
“Alpha Cain would be so disappointed.”









Chapter 36 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
After sharing the memory, Galen had finally ushered Alexander over to the couch where he currently sat with his head in his hands. It had been ten minutes since either of them had said a word.
“Alexander,” Galen began, “they don’t know who she is. They can’t understand your reasoning.”
Alexander raised his eyes to look at his friend.
“Do you also think I am being dishonorable?” Alexander asked quietly.


“Well, I—”
“No, wait” Alexander corrected himself, “you think I am ‘some kind of tour guide’.”
Galen looked away uncomfortably.
“I did say that. Yes,” he laughed nervously, “but, what I meant was—”
“You all knew the agreement that was made,” Alexander defended. “This was the agreement!”
“I know, but—” Galen attempted to reply.
“It is my job to train her while she is here!” Alexander interrupted angrily.
“Yes, but—”
“I am doing my damn job!” Alexander shouted.
“But that doesn’t mean giving her unrestricted access!” Galen shouted back.
They stared at each other, both shocked by Galen’s outburst.
Recovering quickly Galen jumped to his feet, formally saluting Alexander and bowing deeply.
“I am sorry, my Alpha,” Galen said, “I lost control.”
“So,” Alexander replied softly, “you do think I screwed up.”
Galen lifted his head, seeing Alexander’s dejected look, he felt the weight of his friend’s sorrow.


“I think,” Galen began, pausing to be sure he was not going to be interrupted once more, “that you have been distracted.”
“You’re right.” Alexander sighed after a moment. “I didn’t let her in, not the first time.”
Alexander stood up and moved over to the bar beside the couch, he pulled two glasses and poured them each a finger of whiskey. Giving Galen his glass he sat back down and continued.
“I went to observe the simulation with the treant. I was surprised to see her. I had planned to get her out of there as soon as I saw her,” he paused, sighing, and taking a sip from his glass. “But the way she watched the battle…”
Alexander smiled, he thought back to the expressions he had seen on Selene’s face, the way she had reacted to every aspect of the fight. Her eyes darted between the wolves and the treant.
She followed their movements and tried to predict what they would do next.
Though she didn’t spot the problem, she had watched closely when he stated there was one. She was eager to learn.
When only one wolf was left on the field, her emotions had been raw. He had seen the empathy in her, seen the pain she shared with the soldier below.
Alexander had never witnessed anything more beautiful in his life.
Galen saw the look on Alexander’s face, the adoration. He exhaled softly.
“But Alexander, you’re not the only one who is paying so much attention to her.”
Alexander turned to his friend with concern.
“What do you mean?”
“Alice,” Galen answered. “She kept asking about Selene. She phrased it like she was curious about me or you, she hinted at a secret relationship too. But I don’t know, I get the feeling it was Selene that she was really interested in.”
“You’ve been watching her, has she done anything to indicate what her goal might be?” Alexander asked.
“I haven’t seen anything, but then again, I have been a bit busy…” Galen replied, giving Alexander a pointed stare.
“Right.”
Galen waited, but Alexander did not seem interested in commenting on the increased workload or the reason he was clearly avoiding Selene. Galen was about to push the subject a little more when a notification sounded from his phone.
Galen looked through the three notices he received.
“Looks like the security team found a device in one of the janitorial closets. It was removed and is being taken to the systems team for analysis.” Galen stated.
“Any word on the bug inside the system?”
“They have found two different viruses and cleaned them out, but they suspect they are distractions from a deeper root.”
“I want to know how that device made it into the facility at all,” Alexander growled, standing up and walking over to his laptop. Moving it back to his desk, he sat down and immediately started sending messages.
“Alexander, there is a full investigation already running. There’s nothing else you can do right now.” Galen said as he stood up and walked to Alexander’s desk.
“I can’t do nothing,” Alexander answered without looking up.
“Well, maybe you should focus on doing something else then.” Galen offered.
“Like what?” Alexander asked.
“Settling the rumors,” Galen said, closing the laptop.
Alexander looked up at him, his eyes showing his irritation and frustration.
“Alexander, you need to settle this stuff. If you just tell them who she is, we can clear it all up.”
“I can’t do that.” Alexander shook his head.
“But if you don’t get ahead of it now, she’ll have a hard time when she joins the pack.”
“Galen.” Alexander sighed.
“Alexander,” Galen stated. “She is your mate. She is our Luna. She belongs here.”
“Galen… she’s not our Luna, she never will be.” Alexander looked away, but the pain in his voice couldn’t be masked.
‘Nothing has changed…..I am not your Luna.’ Galen heard Selene’s voice echoing in his mind.
He let out an irritated laugh.
“Just like that?” he asked.
“What does that mean?” Alexander sat up in his chair.
“You are two of the most stubborn people in the world, but you’re both giving up so easily,” Galen answered quietly, shaking his head as he spoke.
“Giving up easily? Like I have a choice in this?” Alexander growled as he stood up.
Galen scoffed and rolled his eyes.
“My people hate her; her people hate me. Even if we could work through that, did you forget?” Alexander asked angrily, “She already has a mate that she actually gives a shit about.”
Galen felt his father’s hand on his shoulder, squeezing it softly. Soft sobs, whispers of condolences.
The memory that normally filled him with sadness, now only fueled a wave of anger that he wasn’t aware he had. His jaw clenched.
“It’s complicated, I know, but—” Galen tried to counter.
“It’s impossible, there is no choice here!” Alexander shouted.
“It is a choice!” Galen growled back.
Alexander growled in warning; Galen responded in kind.
“You are overstepping! Drop. It.” Alexander snarled through gritted teeth, leaning on the desk toward Galen.
Galen watched as Alexander huffed, his anger pouring out of him. But in his eyes, Alexander hid something else. Pain. The same pain Galen had seen in Selene’s eyes the morning after the full moon.
“Drop it?” Galen repeated. “Overstepping?”
Galen laughed coldly. He leaned forward placing his fists on the desk to hold him up.
“So, it’s fine that I, your Beta, locked you, my Alpha, in solitary? That I put you in silver iron chains to try and avoid the insane pull of your bond?” Galen gritted his teeth, his words coming out in dramatic snarls.
“Gale—”
“It’s fine that I am taking on three times my actual workload,” Galen interrupted, loudly, “to be able to take care of the representatives and act as your, what? Body double? Emotional shield?”
“Galen!” Alexander shouted.
“What? Am I overstepping!” Galen shouted back, angrily. “Let me know because I don’t know anymore!”
He felt something inside of him, something he didn’t recognize. It hurt, more than anything had ever hurt before. The pain felt heavy like it would drown him. The only way to keep his head above the rising sea of grief was to lash out.
“You’re an idiot.” Galen sighed.
The sound of whimpering, crying, sad whispers, all floated into the back of Galen’s mind.
“You both say the same thing when you mean the exact opposite! Be honest!” he shouted.
Galen felt a surge of rage rush through him, before he realized what he was doing he had already thrown his arm back across the desk, scattering papers, and sending the laptop flying against the wall.
“What is wrong with you?” Alexander growled, hitting the desk.
Galen closed his eyes. He didn’t understand what was happening to him, but the rage in him wasn’t subsiding.
“Will you make her our Luna or not?” Galen demanded.
“You already know we can’t—”
“Then reject her,” Galen stated coldly.
Alexander froze, his eyes went wide. He felt his heart drop.
“I…I can’t,” he whispered.
Galen nodded angrily, he pushed himself off the desk and walked to where the broken laptop lay on the ground. He picked it up and walked to the door. He turned back to face Alexander.
“That is a choice too,” he replied bitterly, before leaving the office.









Chapter 37 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
‘Then reject her.’
Galen’s words continued to echo in Alexander’s mind the next morning.
Alexander hadn’t followed his friend, he needed time, they both did. But as he sat at his desk, staring at the brand-new laptop that had appeared overnight. Those words just kept repeating.
He sat back in his chair with a heavy sigh.


If he rejected her, and she accepted the rejection, their bond would be severed. They would feel the loss and potentially get sick for a time. But because they had not marked each other, the sickness would not be severe.
But their connection would be gone. No more feeling drawn to each other, no more longing. The awkwardness, the desire, it would just go away as though it had never existed.
He felt a weight on his chest at the thought.
For Selene, it would solve her problem, she would be left with the mate she wanted. For Alexander, he would lose his one and only mate.
Alexander knew he should, there was no reason to hold on. She wasn’t his, she didn’t want to be. No matter what he did he was going to lose her.
“But not yet,” he whispered to himself, feeling a hot tear escape his eye.
***
For three days Alexander had avoided her, he had ignored her. But on the fourth day, everything suddenly changed. He came to their scheduled training, he took her on runs along the borders, he focused on talking to her about defense tactics.
Galen and the other representatives no longer joined their sessions. It was back to just the two of them. Selene was surprised to find herself relieved.
They spent less time in the simulations and obstacle courses, but that wasn’t a problem.
Selene had started to feel strange about training in the arena, preferring the sparring rooms or open wild. She wasn’t sure if it was the other wolves’ judgmental glances that made her feel uncomfortable, or that this way felt more like Winter.
Today they were back in the sparring room. It was an intense session, each of them coming at the other with fierce aggression.
“You are an aggressive fighter, hard and fast strikes intended to take down your opponent quickly. You don’t really hold back.” Alexander observed while they were taking a break.
“Is there something wrong with that?” Selene asked, her eyebrow raised suspiciously. She took a drink from her water bottle.
“No, it’s a style choice. I am just observing,” he smiled. “Do you have a preferred weapon?”


Selene thought about it for a few moments before shaking her head.
“I have trained with different weapons, knives, swords, axes. I am no good at ranged weapons, bow and arrows are not my forte,” she laughed.
“Well, you aren’t a ranged fighter, so it makes sense.” Alexander’s smile faltered at the mention of the bow, thinking back to her engagement.
“True,” she smiled.
An idea struck him then.
“Come with me,” Alexander said excitedly.
“Where are we going?” she asked, curious about the shift in his mood.
“Just come with me,” he laughed, grabbing her hand, and pulling her along.
She laughed at his childlike enthusiasm and allowed him to pull her. They ran out of the sparring rooms and down a few halls. They reached a set of elevators; he directed the elevator downward. They giggled like children.
The doors opened on the next floor. Two others got on, Alexander and Selene quietened down.
“Alpha,” both wolves said as they greeted Alexander with a salute.
Selene noticed that one of the wolves hadn’t quite lifted his head from the bow. He was staring down where Selene and Alexander’s hands were still interlocked.
She quickly pulled her hand away from Alexander.
Alexander looked down as she pulled away, he lifted his eyes to see her turning away from him. He was about to speak when he felt the other eyes on him. He had forgotten, just for a few moments.
He had forgotten about their reality.
He straightened up and turned to the doors, waiting for their stop.
A few minutes later Selene followed behind Alexander as they walked down another hall.
“It’s in here,” he said as they approached a large grey door.
Alexander placed his hand on a scanner, a green light passed over it. He then entered a code and then a loud buzz opened the door.
Selene watched with fascination and confusion, she had seen things like this on the shows and movies from the human world. But here in Summer, so many of the things she had seen as imaginary were very much real.
Winter and Summer were two different worlds.
The heavy feeling in her stomach was back. The one that had made it hard to keep running simulations, that made her think of wooden posts used to fence off the borders of Winter, rather than the electrified fences of Summer.
She shook her head, pushing away her concerns as she followed Alexander into the room. As she entered the room, she was blown away.
The walls were lined with all kinds of weapons. Swords, knives, batons, axes, some she didn’t recognize. Some that were attached to outlets, charging some kind of effect.
Selene reached out to one of the small knives. She held it in her hand, turning it over and looking carefully. It looked strange.
“These are the practice weapons,” Alexander said, reaching over and wrapping his hand around the blade of the knife and squeezing.
Selene gasped, dropping the knife and grabbing at his hand to treat the wound. But there was nothing to treat, his hand was fine. She turned his hand over on her own, there were old scars, but no blood, no wound.
She looked up at him, he was smiling.
“All the weapons in this room are for practice. All dull blades. The tasers will give a nasty sting, but not much else.”
He pulled her forward toward another door, once more his hand was scanned, a code was entered, and a loud buzz opened the door. He turned to her with a smile.
“Wait here,” Alexander said excitedly, before going through the door and letting it close behind him.
Selene stared at the door quietly wondering how long he would be gone. She knew it would be at least a few minutes, so she turned back to the room filled with practice weapons. She walked around, picking one up and examining it.
It was a small ax; the weight was good. She wondered if it would fly well. Selene might not have been any good with a bow and arrow, but throwing weapons she had some skill in.
A door on the other side of the room caught her attention. Putting the ax away she went over and examined it. There was no scanner, no code to be entered. Reaching the handle, she was surprised to find that it was unlocked.
She entered the room, where she found a series of drawers with numbers written on them. Selene opened the first drawer, inside found what looked like a bodysuit. One-piece, it had a high collar, arms, legs, it ended at the ankle.
Putting it back in the drawer, she tried the drawer just below, here she found what appeared to be matching boots. They were made of the same material as the suit she had found. A soft stretchy material. Impractical for footwear.
She wondered if these were meant for sparring. But she didn’t understand why there were so many of them.
Selene left the small room, going back to the practice weapons just as Alexander reentered the room. He smiled at her, holding a box in his hands.
“What are the suits for?” she asked, pointing her thumb over her shoulder.
Alexander looked past her at the small room she had just left.
“They are the mesh base for our armor. It was the previous evolution of the skin mesh. They allowed for shifting but also provided a thicker layer of protection against teeth, knives, even some poisons have a harder time penetrating.” Alexander answered. “Those are waiting to be repurposed.”
“You don’t use them?” Selene asked, looking back into the room at the rows of unused armor.
“As I said, they are the previous model. We have developed a stronger base now.”
She thought back to the day the rogue wolves had attacked, was this how Alexander’s people had survived without any losses to the wolfsbane?
“Here, this is for you,” he offered, holding the box out drawing her attention back to him.
Selene hesitated. She looked around the room, then back at Alexander.
“What is it?” she asked.
“Open it,” he encouraged.
She hesitated once more, she suspected what was inside the box. If she was right, she couldn’t accept it.
“What is it, Alexander?” she asked seriously.
Selene saw the hurt in his eyes, his smile wavered.
“What? Do you think it’s a bomb or something?” he asked sarcastically.
“No,” she answered, “but I can’t just accept something without knowing what it is.”
“Have you never received a gift?” he sighed.
“Alexander,” she said.
He set the box down on a table.
“It’s a gift, Selene. There is no meaning to it,” he didn’t bother to hide his irritation at her hesitance.
“What is it?” she insisted.
He looked at her, then took an exasperated breath.
“It’s a weapon,” he replied.
She sighed.
“Alexander, you know that I can’t accept this from you,”
“Why not?” he huffed.
“I cannot accept a weapon from you,”
He met her eyes, and in those eyes, there was a silent dialogue. She knew the words they didn’t say out loud, the words that made her heart skip.
‘A weapon can only be shared between mates.’
‘We ARE mates.’
He looked away letting out another frustrated sigh.
“That is not what this is, it’s not even a real weapon, it’s one of the practice weapons.”
“Still,” she replied softly, “I honor the traditions of my people.”
“Don’t your traditions say the weapon must be handmade? I didn’t make it by hand. I used a machine to build it,” he grumbled.
Selene looked at him carefully. She was torn between being angry at him for the way he tried to sidestep her traditions, treating them as something trivial; and wanting to ask how he had made the weapon.
“You just made this?” she asked, her curiosity winning out in the end.
“I said I didn’t make it,” he replied.
“A machine did, right. But you didn’t just go into that room and find a pre-made weapon, did you?” she clarified.
“No,” he answered, “we use a special kind of printer for the practice weapons. I just went into the design files and found what I had in mind, I made some tweaks and printed it.”
Selene scoffed.
“Do you think of Winter as a joke?” she demanded with resentment. “Our traditions, our way of life? Are we just some pathetic cave tribe poking the fire with our sticks?!”









Chapter 38 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
For the second time in twenty four hours Alexander had no idea why he was suddenly being yelled at, but this time he wasn’t prepared to simply let it go.
“What is your problem?!” he shouted back at her. “What the hell could I have possibly done to offend you, and apparently, your entire pack?”
Selene scoffed at him once more.
“You mock my traditions like they are nothing!”


“They make no sense!” he shouted in frustration. “You are a warrior, I am trying to give you a weapon, a tool that fits your style of fighting. And you’re mad at me because of some ridiculous tradition!”
“Ridiculous?!” she questioned angrily.
“Yes!” he called back.
“It is not ridiculous!” Selene snarled. “It is a sacred promise to protect each other!”
Alexander snarled in frustration, swinging his arm, and knocking over a row of practice axes.
“Why does it matter?!” he screamed, “you don’t consider me a mate so why the hell does it matter if I give you a weapon?”
In his anger, he didn’t notice the pained expression on Selene’s face.
“You already accepted the weapon he gave you; I know you don’t give a damn about me!”
Alexander turned away from her in his fury, his chest heaving up and down, a sign of his own emotional struggle. Selene felt a heavy gripping sensation around her heart.
“I… it… it’s not about that,” Selene stuttered out.
She was struggling to keep her attention focused, fighting the urge to correct the inaccuracies he had in his mind.
“It’s about your disrespect of me and my people! You think you are so much better than us!”
“What?” Alexander turned to her full of surprise.
“You and your pack have all this technology, all this security. You don’t struggle for anything!” she shouted. “Your borders are defended by electric fences and cameras. While we have basic wooden fences and a quarter of our soldiers on rotating patrol twenty-four hours a day.
You can make weapons whenever you want, a process so easy you can walk into another room for ten minutes and come back with a new weapon! We have whole teams of people constantly making and repairing our weapons by hand!”


Selene paused, staring at him angrily. She had been bothered the entire time she was in Summer, every new piece of technology felt like an insult to her.
Winter struggled with everything due to their harsh climate, even their food production was limited and difficult to predict. Their farms were mostly in the southern territories and often the first thing to be raided by rogue wolves or scavengers.
Farming in the northern territory was almost impossible due to the extreme winds and blizzards, but hunting was best. There was an exchange between the two, but with the highest population of all the packs, it was still a struggle to keep everyone properly fed.
“Every pack has its struggles, Selene,” Alexander replied. His voice wasn’t angry, it was neutral.
“It’s easy to say that when you have everything.” Selene hissed.
“You don’t know what you’re talking about.”
“You are a selfish bastard!” Selene shouted.
“I’m selfish?” Alexander asked, neutrality leaving his voice. “How am I selfish?”
“Do you even know the kind of aid you could provide? The lives you could save with the stuff you throw into a storage room!” Selene pointed at the closet filled with mesh suits.
She thought back to the graves she had visited before coming to Summer, the ones who hadn’t been as lucky as her. If they had access to the suits that Alexander selfishly hid away, they might have survived.
“Your medical facilities alone are beyond my wildest dreams; your training systems could change everything about the way the packs protect themselves. All of it is so every day for you. But for the rest of us? You have no idea,” she shook her head.
Alexander was quiet, she assumed he was feeling shame. She wondered if she had gone too far, but it was too late to take it back.
He let out an exasperated sigh.
“I had no idea you thought so little of me,” he replied softly. “Please, if there is anything else. Don’t hold back.”
‘He doesn’t care at all.’ Selene growled in her mind. ‘Even now he is mocking me.’
“You arrogant prick!” she shouted.
“Selfish and arrogant. I am quite accomplished,” Alexander said with a sarcastic smile.
Selene was getting angry again, but there was nothing left she wanted to say. She turned to try and leave the room.
“Are you done?” Alexander called after her. “Good. I have some questions for you now. In Winter do you have electricity? Lights, heat, anything that uses power?”
‘This bastard!’ Selene growled internally.
“Answer the question,” he said, holding her gaze with no emotion showing.
“Yes!” Selene shouted, “I told you we are no—”
“You had your turn to speak!” Alexander shouted, a slight vibration in his voice making it clear that he was serious. “Now it is my turn, you will only respond to my questions. Do you understand?”
Selene clenched her jaw before nodding.
“Good,” Alexander said. “Do you have electricians? Or a power plant?”
She shook her head.
“Where does it come from?” he asked.
Selene didn’t respond. She had never thought about it. She didn’t know the answer. All she could do was look away from him.
“Don’t know?” he asked. “The answer is simple. Right here, from Summer.”
Her eyes widened and she turned to face him.
“We supply the power to all of them. Spring, Autumn, Winter. Summer is the source of all their power needs. A treaty we agreed to a long time ago. Even when war has broken out between the packs, the power has always been supplied.”
Alexander moved away from her toward the storage room, she watched him carefully as regret began to settle into her heart.
“The mesh suits, those are provided to every pack, every year. But you’re right, we do keep some of the upgrades to ourselves. But these? These were offered to every pack.”
‘What does that mean?’ Selene furrowed her brow, wondering to herself.
“Do you know how we get all this technology? Do you understand why we and not the other packs are the ones who develop it?”
Alexander looked carefully at her, trying to decide how much to share with her. He sat down on top of the table and let out a deep breath.
“Every single wolf of Summer spends at least three years living among the humans. Away from the life they have known, away from their family and friends. Three years, the only allowed contact with home is through their den mothers.
We don’t go to have fun, visit vacation destinations, or experience that crazy human life. No, each one of us is committed to learning everything we can in that time. We study science, physics, math, medicine, and military tactics. We spend years preparing for our time there and then we are sent to the place that matches our skill set.
We attend their schools, join their workforce, and their military. We learn all that we can and then we bring it back here and try to adapt it for the wolves.”
Selene found herself leaning against a wall listening to his every word. She had no idea that Summer was so immersed in human culture, or how they could spend so much time away from their pack.
“You say that Summer has no problems, but have you looked? Yes, our borders are secure, yes, we have a strong military, and our medical facilities are unrivaled. But tell me, in the two weeks you have been here, have you seen freedom? Joy? Celebration?”
She thought back on what she had witnessed in her time, but all she could see was military training, medical marvels, structure, and routine. The only times she had seen what she would view as freedom and joy were the moments she spent watching the children on the playground.
“The lives of every wolf of Summer are dedicated to service. We take pride in that; it has always been our way. But my people are so focused on serving our pack, our species, we have forgotten the basic needs of life. We don’t have traditions; we don’t have celebrations. We have honor and discipline.”
Selene was lost. She had been so sure about the things she accused him of, so sure about her views of the two packs. Why was it so different? Why was he making her heart ache?
“What did you mean… when you said that every pack was offered the suits?” she asked.
“Exactly what I said,” he sighed.
“No,” she replied, “no, we don’t have these. Winter was not offered these suits. If we had… no. You’re wrong.”
“I said the suits were offered. Whether they were accepted is up to their Alpha.”
The anger flared through her once more.
“How dare you!” she shouted. “My father would never put his people at risk!”
“It’s not the first time,” Alexander stated. “We have offered Alpha Wyatt a multitude of technological advancements over the years. He has rejected most of them. And over the past couple years, every one of them.”
“You are lying!” Selene hissed. “You didn’t offer him the suits because of this ridiculous grudge you have against him!”
“Ridiculous?” Alexander growled. “So, I am a monster for saying that your traditions are ridiculous, but you dare to look me in the eye and call the matter of my father’s murder ridiculous!?”
“No!” Selene shouted back. “Don’t twist my words!”
“Then what are you saying, Selene? Because my selfish arrogant brain isn’t understanding!”
Her frustration was growing, any regret she felt had burned away with her anger. She pushed off the wall and came close to him, gritting her teeth and snarling as she spoke.
“My father had nothing to do with your father’s death!”
“I didn’t say he did.” Alexander snapped back.
Selene was surprised once more.
“But… I… I don’t understand,”
Alexander stood up holding her gaze as he looked down at her.
“Do you want to know the real reason why I hate your father, Selene?” Alexander asked coldly.
Selene swallowed nervously.
“Yes.”









Chapter 39 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“Twelve years ago, I was sent to Winter for three months to understand how to protect my people in a place I wasn’t familiar with or comfortable.”
Alexander began, he leaned back against the table.
“When I arrived, I met Alpha Wyatt. He greeted me, took me into his home, and fed me. He took me to a small cabin in the forest where I stayed for a week. Each day he would come early in the morning, and we would train together until late at night.”
Selene tried to think back to see if she remembered a boy coming to their home, but she didn’t. Which meant it happened close to her own shifting. Pups in Winter always stayed together as they neared their first shift.


“Then we spent four days traveling up the mountainside. The wind was like nothing I had ever experienced before. It cut at my flesh like millions of tiny knives, and the cold was bitter, I felt it down into my bones.
The pack I carried was heavier than I was. I struggled. I was a decent climber, but the snow made everything sluggish and heavy. Still, we made it to the top.”
Selene found a spot on the floor across from him, sitting down to listen to his story intently.
“Wyatt patted me on the back, he told me I had done good, I was so proud,” Alexander smiled at the memory. “I thought I had accomplished something amazing that day.”
Alexander chuckled briefly, then suddenly he adjusted his posture. Sitting up a little straighter as though someone had corrected him.
“He told me to go into the trees in search of firewood, he said he would set up the camp. Three days he said,” Alexander held up three fingers for emphasis, “three days. He repeated that several times.”
Selene took a deep breath; she already knew what would come next. She might not have known about Alexander’s time in Winter, but she was very aware of how wolves were trained there.
“I did as he said, I entered the tree line, I found a good amount of firewood, and then I returned. I went right back to where I had left him. But he was gone, my pack was gone, there was no camp.
I wandered around the area, not straying too far, just looking to see if maybe he had found a better spot for camp.” Alexander gave a bitter grin. “I am ashamed to admit that it took me around four hours to realize I had been left.”
‘It took me a whole night,’ Selene whispered in her mind.
“I wanted to climb back down the mountain, but two things occurred to me. The first was that I no longer had my climbing gear, and the second,” he paused and smiled, “was three days.”
He laughed this time. Dropping his head forward he allowed himself to remember the feeling of it all. He had been so scared. He let out a deep breath before continuing.
“Wyatt had said it so many times, I assumed that this was the challenge. Survive three days on the mountain top and then he’d come back for me.
So that’s what I did. I searched through the trees for any kind of fruit, berries, nuts, whatever I could find to eat. I got lucky; I found a small rabbit’s den. I made a fire and did everything I could to keep it going.”
Selene hugged herself as she remembered a bitter cold; she hadn’t been able to light a fire.


“Three days passed, I was hungry, freezing, and tired. Only able to sleep an hour or two here and there. But it was the third day and I found energy in my expectations. So, when the fourth day arrived, and then the fifth, and sixth. I was even more tired than I had been before.”
Alexander hugged himself squeezing his fingers into a fist and back out again as the memory played in his mind.
He couldn’t feel his fingers, he had fallen asleep and stayed asleep longer than he intended to. The fire was out, there was no food. The wind had picked up again. Snow fell in a painful burst of cold fire as it hit his face repeatedly. He looked up into a grey haze of clouds, wind, and snow.
A blizzard had struck.
Alexander pulled himself to his feet, struggling to push past the heaviness and the pain. He ran into the trees looking for any kind of protection against the wind. He found a small alcove of rocks, pressing his small body in between them he was able to find a sort of temporary shelter.
The rocks that surrounded him helped to insulate him, while the large one above helped to keep the wind and snow from hitting him directly. He needed to build a fire, he needed to find food. But he was so tired, he lost consciousness.
Alexander shook the memory away.
“I waited three days, and then I waited for four more. I thought maybe on the third day Wyatt had started his journey up the mountain, it had taken us four days. But on that seventh day, the only thing that came was a blizzard.”
Selene looked up at this detail.
“You were on the mountain when the blizzard hit?” she asked.
“Yea, apparently it was the strongest blizzard to hit in years.”
‘A decade.’ Selene corrected him quietly in her thoughts. Blurry white images flooding her memory.
“The blizzard lasted three days. I found shelter in the form of a small alcove. The first day I was mostly in and out of consciousness. The second I managed to get myself moving, crawling along the ground I was able to find a downed tree. I pulled chunks of wood and hurried back to my alcove.
Lighting a fire took most of my energy and I had to tear into the lining of my coat for starter kindling.”
Selene hugged herself tightly once more. Listening to his words, but in her mind, she saw a different story entirely. A sound echoed through time, a crunching crack. Her shoulder ached at the memory
“The third day, the blizzard had finally eased, it was no longer a full whiteout. After a few more hours the wind ceased, and the mountainside almost felt peaceful.”
Alexander took a deep breath as though he were inhaling that fresh mountain air.
“It had been ten days since Alpha Wyatt had left me at the top of the mountain. I finally knew he wasn’t coming for me.”
“Is this why you hate him?” Selene said quietly, shaking off the memories of her past. “For something that happened twelve years ago?”
She let out a bitter laugh.
“You petty bastard,” Selene spat. “You’re not special. He wasn’t torturing you or being cruel. He gave you a challenge that every wolf of Winter faces at the time of their shifting. He allowed you to prove yourself!”
She growled at him.
“No, Selene, this isn’t why I hate him,” he replied calmly looking up at her before moving closer, he bent down so he sat on his heels before her. “I am telling you this story, so you understand how much I respected him.”
“What?” she questioned; her head filled with confusion.
“When I realized that he wasn’t coming, I decided to go to him. Yes, I was angry, I was confused, I didn’t understand why he would do this to me. I didn’t know your customs, and I hadn’t shifted yet.”
Selene drew back from him. He hadn’t shifted. This shocked and confused her. The trial of the mountain was a test of your wolf spirit. To confirm you were strong enough to carry it.
To send a child into the mountains, without his wolf to help him. She was horrified by the thought.
“Actually,” he smiled, “I was scared of wolves back then. The only time I had seen anyone shift was to kill a rogue wolf that had made it past our borders. I watched as the guard that had shifted in front of me, tore the other wolf’s throat out.”
“I thought Summer kept the children away from things like that,” Selene commented softly.
“We do, but the Alpha’s son isn’t a child, is he?” Alexander smiled cynically.
“What cured your fear?” Selene asked, feeling a genuine curiosity toward Alexander.
“Vulnerability,” Alexander sighed, “after I decided to get down the mountain, I saw a wolf, so white it almost blended into the snow. I hid immediately, my heart raced, and I expected that I was going to die.”
Alexander stood up and walked back to the table facing away from her. He thought back to that moment.
The wolf lay on the ground, was it sleeping? Alexander hid behind a tree, trying desperately to calm his racing heart. He didn’t have the energy to waste on his fear, but he didn’t have the strength to overcome it either.
A sound drew his attention away from the wolf, a quiet squish. Not far away he found the source. A rabbit jumping in the snow.
He heard a growl and then a whimper.
Alexander turned back to the wolf in the snow, she stood watching the rabbit. She took a step forward, letting out a whimper before falling.
He saw it then, her pure white fur stained with brown and red at the shoulder. The wolf whimpered again and then turned her head away from the rabbit.
Alexander felt a sudden pain in his chest, a heaviness.
“You saw a white wolf in the mountains after the blizzard?” Selene asked.
Her question brought Alexander back from his memories. He nodded before answering her fully.
“She was injured,” he said, “I don’t know what happened to her, but it looked like she was giving up, just laying in the snow as a rabbit jumped away from her.
As terrified as I was of getting eaten myself, I couldn’t do nothing. So, I gathered what little strength and energy I had left, and I chased down the rabbit.
I caught it, killed it, I kept a little of the meat for myself. Then I made my way back to where I had seen her. I was afraid she would smell the blood and charge at me. But she didn’t react, she was still sleeping.
I threw the rabbit down as near to her as I dared to go, and then I left.”
Alexander thought back to that moment, he wondered if the wolf had ever woken up again. He lifted his eyes to Selene, she was looking away from him. He felt that gripping pain on his heart once more.. He shared an important moment in his life with her, and she couldn’t be bothered to listen.









Chapter 40 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“I don’t know why I bothered to share any of this with you,” he sighed softly. “Look, the point is simple, I was in the mountains for almost two weeks. When I finally got back, Alpha Wyatt was waiting for me. As angry and hurt as I had been, when he put his hand on my shoulder and told me I had done good. I felt grateful.”
Selene wiped the tears from her eyes that she had been trying to hide. She turned back to Alexander now, hearing something change in his voice.
“I spent the next two months in awe of that man. I felt this newfound strength and pride in myself that he had shown me. Every lesson was something I treasured.
Years later I still thought of him as my mentor, I reached out when I had questions. He helped me when I had doubts.


My father said Alpha Wyatt was the best man he had ever met, and I agreed.”
Selene could hear the emotion in his voice, and it caught her off guard. She knew right then that he had loved her father as much as his own.
“When I got word that my father was dead. Alpha Wyatt was the first person I reached out to. He offered me comfort and reassurance.
He promised me that he would do everything he could to help me find the killer.”
Alexander paused to swallow down the emotion that was welling up in him. After another deep breath, he continued.
“When the investigation came to Winter, he said he would run it so there would be no issues, he said he would keep me informed.
Months went by without any progress, and then one day he simply said that there was nothing to investigate.”
Selene sniffed, her tears falling without restraint.
“He lied, Selene,” Alexander said coldly.
A soft whimper escaped her lips, as her heart ached for him. His pain, as much as he tried to hide it, was overwhelming her.
“You were right, he didn’t kill my father. But he was his friend and my mentor. I hate him because he betrayed us both the day he chose not to give a damn.”
Without waiting for a response, without even another glance in her direction. Alexander left the room.
As the door closed behind him, Selene let loose the tears she had held, she sobbed and cried out until she couldn’t anymore.
There was so much to process, so much she didn’t understand.
‘He was there?’ she whispered in her mind. Her shoulder ached once more, as the memory came back to her.


Unlike the others, there had been no warning of her oncoming shift. There weren’t weeks of growing pains, stretching. She had been moved with the rest of the pups simply as a precaution.
It came on suddenly, in an explosion of white-hot pain. Her bones snapped and strained as her skin tore. She screamed out until the blackness took her.
She was restrained and quickly taken up the mountain. Left with only a coat.
The teacher that brought her, reminded her, three days.
The only thing the pups had been told about the trial, was that they could not return before three days had passed. If they did, their wolf would be considered weak and put out of its misery.
Later, she learned that three days was the amount of time it took the human body to accept the shift. If there was a rejection it would happen in those first three days.
The first night she struggled as her body continued to fight the shift. Her bones shifted and reshaped. She screamed into the night. Part of her hoped that they would come back for her.
When she woke the next morning, she was more aware of her situation. The shift had passed, now she needed to make it down the mountain. She was naked, she looked for the coat her teacher had left, but found that she had shredded it during her shift the night before.
Selene wanted to cry. She wasn’t prepared for this; she was scared and alone. How could she do this on her own?
The wind picked up, the snow. She looked up into the sky and realized with horror that a blizzard was building. She ran into trees looking for shelter.
It was getting hard to see, the snow was everywhere. She couldn’t feel her feet anymore. Instinct took control, she forced herself to shift, screaming into the wind as the pain overwhelmed her.
Selene remained in her wolf form the rest of her trial, at least this way she would be warmer.
It had been two days, she pushed through the whiteout, trying desperately to find food. She couldn’t see what was coming, she couldn’t see what wasn’t there.
She stepped off the cliff, falling and falling until she landed with a thud and a painful yelp. Her shoulder was on fire, she rolled, there was pain everywhere. Selene let the darkness take her once more.
When she woke again, she was covered in snow. She shook her head, the snow falling away. She moved to stand but the pain in her leg shot through her, and she fell back down.
Selene laid her head down sadly. She was hungry, she was tired. She knew that she needed to get down the mountain but to do that she needed energy.
A sound perked her ears, a soft squish. She lifted her head; her eyes caught the movement. She stood up, salivating as she saw the rabbit jumping from place to place.
She let out a soft growl and took a step. Pain. She whimpered before she tried again. The pain was too much. She watched the rabbit jump away as she laid back down, closing her eyes and wondering if she would ever see her home again.
A delicious smell stirred her consciousness. Selene’s eyes opened slowly at first seeing only the white of the snow. Her nose told her there was something nearby. She turned her head and there it was.
She stood up and hobbled her way to the dead rabbit. Without a thought, she tore at the meat enthusiastically.
It took her another two days to make it back home, her father had begun to believe she would not return at all, but she walked through the doors of their home covered in wounds and dried blood.
She still remembered the joy she felt when he told her she had done good.
***
Two weeks were over, it was time to go home.
Jerry, the Autumn idiot, had already left. Alice hung around as long as she could, claiming she simply wanted to thank her teacher, but Galen did not come to say goodbye.
Saul and Selene had packed their bags and loaded their car, the decision was made that they wait and leave together with Alpha Alexander and Galen. They were all headed to Winter after all.
Selene stood nervously against the car. She hadn’t seen or heard from Alexander since their argument the day before. She was glad of it, but now they would travel all day together and camp overnight before finally reaching Winter.
“Are you that excited to see your mate once more?” Saul’s gruff voice called from the back of the SUV. He loaded one last bag before shutting the gate.
“What?” she questioned looking around for Alexander.
“I assume that is what you are nervous about? This is the longest you have been apart from Jackson isn’t it?” Saul clarified.
A wave of nausea and guilt rolled over Selene. How could she think of Alexander?
“Yes,” she laughed nervously. “We got into a bit of a fight before we left, so I’m not sure how he’ll greet me.”
“Excuse me,” Galen interrupted with a smile. “We are all ready to go if you are.”
Selene looked behind him, Alexander was nowhere in sight.
Galen cleared his throat.
“Alpha Alexander is already in the car.” Galen smiled, indicating the black SUV that pulled ahead of Selene’s car.
“We’re ready,” Saul replied, moving to the driver’s side.
Selene nodded and smiled at Galen.
He returned it, before running to the passenger door of the black SUV.
Within twenty minutes, both SUVs had left the territory of Summer.
Saul had turned on the radio. The drive to Summer had been filled with country music and podcasts, so Selene suspected it would be much the same on the drive back to Winter.
She looked out the window and let her mind wander.
For a while, she thought about the mountain. She wondered if she would have survived without the rabbit Alexander had left her. How strange it was that they had this connection that neither of them realized. She tried to push the thought out of her head.
But the one that replaced it was equally troublesome.
‘We have offered Alpha Wyatt a multitude of technological advancements over the years. He has rejected most of them. And over the past couple years, every one of them.’
His words rang in her mind like an alarm bell. Selene didn’t understand why her father would ever reject something that could improve the safety of his people or their quality of life.
‘And what about the investigation?’ she asked herself.
Why would he drop the investigation into Alpha Cain’s death? Selene began to wonder what she understood about the feud between Winter and Summer, or about her father.
Selene shook her head in frustration. It was too much to think about all at once. She decided to do her best to avoid it entirely, by taking a nap.
***
“Selene,” a voice called her from the darkness. “Selene, you’ll want to see this.”
It was Saul, his voice had a smile in it.
As she struggled to wake up and open her eyes, she found herself curious what could make this gruff man smile.
It was dark out; she had slept a long time it seemed. With heavy eyelids, she turned to Saul, who gave her a smirk and pointed out the front window as he spoke.
“We have reached the campsite and look who is here.”
Selene turned her head in the direction he pointed, she saw his familiar pale blue eyes and a charming smile.
Her heart reacted to Jackson before her mind could catch up.. A strong thumping and warmth, followed by panic as she saw the door of the other SUV open, and Alexander stepped out.









Chapter 41 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Selene quickly opened her door, hopping out of the car.
“Jackson?” she called out to him. A lilt in her voice expressed her confusion at his presence.
He smiled at her, rushing to her side and wrapping his arms around her waist. Then he lifted her into the air, eliciting an involuntary squeal from her lips. Finally, he spun her around with a laugh.
“What are you—mmf!” Selene started to ask as he lowered her to the ground, her words quickly smothered by his mouth covering hers.


He pulled her tightly against his body, kissing her passionately.
Selene melted against him, the familiar feeling of him, the sweet taste of his lips. Without even realizing it, she had already responded to him enthusiastically.
Jackson pulled away when their mutual need for air became unbearable. Selene was left panting breathlessly as Jackson nuzzled against her throat.
He kissed her lightly, his lips grazing over a particular bundle of nerves that sent a wave of pleasure through her body.
Selene moaned softly. It felt good; she gripped his hair between her fingers. Suddenly, a memory slipped through the pleasure that muddled her mind.
Alexander rushed towards her, wrapping his arms around her waist. He pressed his nose into the crook of her neck, breathing her scent into his lungs deeply as though it were oxygen.
She laughed at his impatience before wrapping her arms around his neck and laying her head against his.
The memory was enough to bring her back to her senses. She felt as though a bucket of ice water had been dropped over her.
“Jackson,” she said softly, gently pushing him away from her neck.
He looked into her eyes questioningly. She smiled, trying to reassure him. He smiled back, but not before she noticed a glimmer of fear.
Jackson backed up just enough for a hand to fit between them. He kept his arms around her.
“Didn’t you miss me?” he murmured playfully.
“Of course,” she laughed, a blush creeping into her face, “but we aren’t alone right now.”
Jackson leaned close to her ear, whispering, “if only we were.”
Selene turned her eyes down shyly. Jackson let out a satisfied chuckle as he looked away just long enough for her to look past him. Her eyes immediately found where Alexander stood.


His eyes were locked on them, witnessing each intimate moment with a front-row view.
Even at this distance, she could see the hurt in those grey orbs. She swallowed the guilt that crept up from the pit in her stomach.
Jackson kissed her lips once more.
“Let’s go find where we are staying tonight,” Ganger whispered before pulling her along behind him. They walked past Alexander without a word.
***
The campsite was more of a small camp. There were four modest cabins, each with enough room for up to five people to sleep.
It was the halfway point between Summer and Winter, frequently used by different packs and considered neutral ground.
Alexander had stayed here only once or twice before. Over the years, the few trips he had taken to Winter had him driving through the night. They had only stopped this time by his request.
He had wanted Selene to have a break from being in the car so long.
A decision he regretted.
The door to the cabin opened behind him. He turned to see Galen entering.
“The car has been fueled and locked up; it is ready to go at first light,” Galen reported.
Alexander only grunted an acknowledgment in response.
Galen sighed. They had hardly spoken a word to each other in the past two days. He wasn’t sure which one of them owed the other an apology, but after what Alexander had just been forced to witness, it didn’t matter anymore.
“So,” Galen began, “do you want to talk about it? Go for a run?”
“Galen,” Alexander sighed.
“Sparring?” Galen offered, taking off his coat, “Ok. Just remember I do need to be able to drive tomorrow, so try to hold back a little.”
“It’s not like I didn’t know.” Alexander sighed with a grumble, “I told you before, she already has a mate.”
Alexander had stood frozen for a solid minute after Jackson had led Selene away. He had been unable to peel his eyes away from the disgusting display.
“Hmm,” Galen replied, “so you’re just fine with it?”
They had known each other for ten years and saw each other through their father’s deaths. But Alexander had never allowed the kind of sadness Galen could see now to show in his eyes before.
Alexander read his reaction. Suddenly, the sadness Galen had glimpsed disappeared.
“I’m going for a walk,” Alexander stated as he headed to the door.
***
Selene closed the cabin door behind her. Saul and Jackson had taken the second bedroom.
Jackson had decided to take a shower, and Selene took the opportunity to get some fresh air.
She walked past the cabins into the trees that surrounded them. There was an overwhelming need to get away.
Selene had been shocked to see Jackson. She had missed him. She was happy to see him, but there was a guilt that tugged at the edges of her heart.
‘For who?’ she wondered to herself.
“A warning would have been nice,” Alexander’s voice came from the trees ahead of her.
He stepped out into the moonlight, highlighted as though he were some kind of ethereal being, her breath caught in her throat.
‘Why, of all people, is he here?” Selene grumbled in her mind.
“I didn’t know,” she replied softly. “I was just as surprised as you were.”
“Not quite,” he murmured to himself.
“Alexander, I really—” Selene tried to explain but was interrupted.
“There you are,” Jackson called out from behind her.
He approached them with a big smile.
“Alpha Alexander.”
Jackson greeted Alexander with a proper salute before wrapping his arms around Selene’s waist from behind. He rested his chin on her shoulder, kissing her neck tenderly.
“Don’t let me intrude.” Alexander huffed before walking away.
Selene was unable to say a word. What was there to say? Jackson was the one she loved, the one she had chosen.
When Alexander was far enough away, just as Selene had started to relax in Jackson’s arms. He let her go.
“Why does he keep trying to get close to you?” Jackson asked, still watching in the direction Alexander had left.
“He wasn’t. He just—” Selene started to answer.
“Oh, come on, Selene, you don’t really think he just happened to run into you.” Jackson scoffed.
“Jackson, I was the one that walked in his direction,” Selene answered. Then, noticing the look he gave her, she quickly added, “I didn’t know he was there. I just wanted to enjoy the moonlight.”
“Why didn’t you tell me you were leaving?” he asked, getting close to her again.
“I thought you were getting in the shower; I wasn’t planning to be gone long.”
“You need to tell me when you go somewhere,” Jackson demanded.
“As I said, I planned to be back quickly,” Selene said.
“It doesn’t matter,” Jackson said aggressively.
Selene found herself taking a step back. His tone was unlike anything she had ever heard from him before. As their eyes met, his expression changed abruptly. He then smiled warmly.
“Baby, I worry about you,” he sighed. Reaching out to her once more. “You are my everything, and we haven’t seen each other in two weeks. The thought that you have spent all this time near him. It kills me.”
He pulled her close, kissing the top of her head.
“Don’t you know how much you mean to me?” he whispered.
Selene hugged him back.
“I know,” she whispered.
They held each other quietly for a long time. It wasn’t until they walked back to the cabin that they spoke again.
“Why didn’t you tell me you were going to Summer?” Jackson asked.
“I tried, but you wouldn’t talk to me,” she answered honestly.
“I was upset,” Jackson replied, keeping his voice neutral, though he clenched his jaw tightly. “You told me you didn’t want to marry me.”
“That’s not what I said!”
Selene stopped walking, pulling on his hand to look at her. He turned slowly, looking down and refusing to look at her face. Finally, she reached a hand up to his chin, forcing him to look at her.
“Jackson, I told you that we couldn’t get married yet. Yet. We just need to wait until everything has calmed down.”
“Yea, that’s what you said, but then you took off to Summer with him.” Jackson huffed, looking away.
“My Alpha gave me an assignment, and I fulfilled my duty. That is all!” Selene shouted.
“Really?” Jackson asked, raising his eyes to Selene.
“Yes,” she answered.
Jackson stepped close to her again, reaching his hands out to hers, she took them.
“Do you mean it, Selene?” he asked, looking her in the eyes, searching for something. “You still love me?”
“Of course…” Selene said, placing her hand on his cheek.
She had loved him for two years and continued to love him now. He was her mate; she would marry him. The guilt in her heart was his, only his.
‘Yes,’ she thought to herself, ‘I regret the moments I have shared with Alexander. I regret doing anything that could have hurt Jackson. I love him. Jackson is the man I will marry.’
“Do you promise?” Jackson asked.
“What?” she wasn’t sure what he was asking.
“Do you promise that I am the one you choose? That you will marry me? That I am the only one you love?”
Selene hesitated. Her heart was racing. She felt as though it would leap out of her throat.
“Yes. I promise,” Selene whispered.
Jackson hugged her tightly, an action that allowed Selene to hide the tears that fell. Instead, she made a silent promise to herself.
‘I promise from now on, you will be the only one I love.’









Chapter 42 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“Why don’t we head back to the cabin? You get a hot shower while I make you something to eat before bed.” Jackson smiled down at her.
“That does sound good,” Selene replied, “but I did come out to get some fresh air. I’m not very tired. I slept most of the way here.”
Jackson looked around.
“It’s kinda late, Selene,” he said quietly.


“I know, but I’m just going to go for a quick run, just to shake the day away.”
“A run?” he asked.
“Yea.”
“You’re going to shift?” he asked, looking at her with serious eyes.
“Yea?” she replied, unsure of why he seemed concerned.
“Selene. Are you kidding me right now?”
Jackson let out an exasperated sigh.
“That jerk is still around here somewhere, and you want to get naked out in the open?”
“What?” Selene was shocked by his assumption. “You know that wasn’t what I meant!”
“Did you guys go for a lot of runs together?” Jackson looked at her with an angry expression.
“You don’t get to do that!” Selene shouted.
“Do what?” he asked.
“Treat me like that!” she cried out angrily. “You know me! I would never do something like that!”
Tears fell from her eyes. She was genuinely hurt; there was a lot she felt guilty about. A lot she thought she would need to apologize for one day. But she had never let it get that far.
Even though a part of her had been willing on the night of the full moon. It didn’t happen.


Jackson looked away from her.
“I’m sorry,” he said quietly.
Selene turned away from him.
“I’m just scared you’re going to leave me, Selene.” Jackson’s voice cracked as he pulled her back to his chest, wrapping an arm around her.
‘Please, don’t leave me.’ Alexander’s voice whispered in her memory.
She squeezed her eyes tightly and clenched her jaw, fighting away the painful memory.
“I won’t leave you,” she whispered.
“And you’ll stay away from him?” Jackson asked, still holding her in his arms
“What?” Selene asked, looking back at him over her shoulder.
“Do you promise you will stay away from him?”
He held her eyes with his, and she saw a desperate need for her to answer to reflect his want.
“I can’t promise that,” she said honestly, “you know I can’t.”
“You don’t want to,” he said quietly, letting her go.
“No,” Selene stated, “it’s not that I don’t want to. I have to work with him. He is my partner for the rest of this assignment. And he’s already done his part, but I still have to do mine.”
“Then ask your father to assign someone else to do it,” Jackson demanded.
“No, Jackson, this is my assignment. Duty before heart,” Selene replied firmly.
“What is that supposed to mean,” Jackson huffed, irritation seeping into his voice.
“It means I will do my job. But Alexander is just my duty, you are my heart.”
Jackson let out a deep sigh.
“Jackson, you know that I love you,” Selene whispered, reaching her hand to his face.
He turned away from her.
“You know he requested you, right?” Jackson asked bitterly.
“What do you mean?”
“For this exchange crap,” Jackson spat, “he forced your dad’s hand, made him send you to Summer. It was the only way he would agree to participate.”
“Where are you getting this from? Alexander was shocked when I arrived.” Selene stated firmly.
“Right, like he’s going to admit it to you.” Jackson laughed. “And how do you know what he felt, Selene? Just how close did you two get while you were there? What did you guys do together, all that time alone.”
“Which is it that you doubt Jackson, my love for you or our bond?” Selene asked with a fire in her voice. “If you are going to keep acting like this, there is no point in talking anymore tonight.”
Selene moved away from him.
“It’s because of him that we aren’t married right now!” Jackson shouted angrily. “If he hadn’t forced your dad to send you to Summer, you and I would be married!”
“Even if I hadn’t been sent to Summer, you would still have been sent to Spring!” Selene shouted back. “My father postponed our wedding, not Alexander!”
“Fine, there is a full moon in two weeks. And we’ll both be back home,” Jackson stated, holding her gaze with a fire in them.
“So, what?” she asked.
“You know what I am saying, Selene. Let’s get married at the next full moon.”
The swirling chaos of emotion and thought buzzed in her mind and body. She was terrified, frustrated, angry, scared. Everything all at once.
“Answer me,” Jackson demanded.
“Are you crazy?” she asked.
“For wanting to marry my mate?” Jackson replied indignantly.
“You are acting like a child!” Selene shouted.
“I am acting like someone who loves you and wants to be with you! What about you?” Jackson hollered, no longer trying to hide his frustration, “you say you love me. You say you want to be with me. But when I try to make that happen, all you do is reject me!”
“It’s not like that!” Selene cried out. “You know we can’t get married right now, Jackson!”
She was getting emotional now. She wanted to make him happy, to reassure him that she wasn’t trying to leave. But he was asking for something that wasn’t possible.
“Yes, we can!” he shouted back. “The only thing stopping us is you!”
He huffed and walked away from her without another word.
‘You’re being unreasonable!’ Selene shouted back in her mind. She had enough. Squatting down, she hugged her knees to her chest. Trying to breathe through the frustration she was feeling towards him.
***
When Alexander heard them yelling, he had tried his best to avoid them. But they had decided to have their lover’s quarrel, rather inconveniently, directly beside his cabin.
He waited in the trees, hoping it would be over quickly. He tried to think of things to distract himself so he wouldn’t listen in, but it wasn’t easy to do.
He heard his name mentioned, he heard that their wedding was pushed back.
But the thing that kept drawing his attention, the thing that was making him grab the tree nearest him and hold it to keep himself back from joining their fight. That thing was the way that the black-haired rat kept talking to Selene. How he accused her without ever saying he was accusing her, how he was trying to make her feel guilty.
Finally, the rat walked away.
Alexander watched Selene closely, wondering if she would chase after him, begging him to forgive her. The thought made him sick.
But she didn’t. Instead, she curled herself into a ball and breathed into the night.
His feet were moving, and she was getting closer.
She heard the soft crunching of footsteps approaching. Letting out an exasperated sigh, she stood up and shouted at him.
“Jackson, I don’t want to talk to you right—Oh! Oh, I’m sorry.”
Selene quickly tried to recover as she recognized the man standing before her.
“Are you alright?” Alexander asked quietly. “I didn’t intend to eavesdrop… but you were both shouting pretty loudly.”
The embarrassment she felt raced from her stomach over her chest and settled into her face in an unflattering shade of tomato. Selene was thankful that they were outside, in the dark at this moment.
“Sorry,” she replied, looking away from him towards the ground.
“Are you alright?” he asked again.
Selene looked up, his eyes showed his concern, and she felt a warmth, quickly followed by guilt.
“Yea,” she answered quietly. “I’m sure you heard; our wedding keeps getting pushed back. So his frustration is understandable.”
“It is,” Alexander nodded and added, “but it’s not a time for weddings right now, is it?”
“No,” she agreed, “it’s not.”
“Selene,” Alexander said.
“Yea?” she answered.
“I don’t really like talking about him. I assume he doesn’t like talking about me either,” Alexander said.
‘He sure likes to bring you up, though,’ Selene thought to herself.
“But I understand him, at least part of him,” he said quietly. “Because I would also be anxious to marry if my mate would admit she loved me.”
Selene was startled by his words.
He took a step towards her, leaning close to her. She took a deep, cleansing breath, hoping to calm her racing heart.
“Selene?” he called.
“Yea?” she answered, albeit shakily.
“Why did you leave me on the night of the full moon?”









Chapter 43 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
A bottomless pit opened in her stomach; out of it, an icy wave of panic covered her entire being.
Selene felt herself take a shaky step back from him. She tried to swallow, but her throat suddenly became as dry as a desert.
She stared back at him with her eyes wide, hoping that she had misheard him.
‘Why did you leave me on the night of the full moon.’


His words bounced around in her mind repeating themselves in a haunting chorus.
‘No…no… he doesn’t remember…’ she thought to herself, ‘he can’t remember….’
Alexander stared back at her, unmoving, waiting for her answer.
“What?” she managed to ask.
He looked carefully at her. She could see that he was thinking, deciding. She swallowed nervously. What could she do?
Selene had lied to him about what happened on the full moon because he had no memory of the actual events. But, if he remembered everything now, if he heard what she said…
Alexander took a step back, giving her a weak smile.
“I was just wondering. If you came and even removed my chains, why you would leave me to wake alone. You planned to speak to me, Galen told me as much, so why not just wait for me to wake?”
Selene listened carefully to his words, trying to see if there was any kind of trick, any malice. Something to show whether he actually remembered that night. He just stood there and waited for her reply.
‘He doesn’t remember,’ she told herself once more, relief washed over her.
“Did I need to wait with you?” she replied carefully. “I didn’t really want to sleep on the floor, and it would have been inappropriate for me to do that anyway.”
Alexander gave a light chuckle.
“That’s true,” he replied.
They stood silently for a moment. Alexander looked away. Selene stared up at him, her panic finally easing away.
‘Why did you ask that?’ she wondered to herself. Looking up at his features, she felt that familiar warmth inside her growing. She felt the pull to him, and she felt a deep sadness.


“Why are you asking?” she heard her voice ask without a thought.
He looked back down at her, he smiled.
But she knew, deep in her heart, that the smile he showed her wasn’t the same as the ones he had shared with her before. This smile was guarded. Once again, it was an unfamiliar and uncomfortable wall that had been built between them.
She should have been happy that he was keeping his distance. It was what she needed, what she wanted. This should have been the most extraordinary sense of relief.
“I was just curious,” he answered quietly. “Why don’t you go back inside? We will be leaving early in the morning.”
Selene could only nod in reply. She turned away from him, walking toward her cabin as memories tickled at the corners of her thoughts.
She knew she should push it away, shove it down to the deepest depths of her mind and lock it away forever.
‘One last time,’ she whispered in her thoughts, ‘after today, I will also forget.’
With each step toward her cabin, her mind took another step back to the night of the full moon, back to the moment she understood what heartbreak felt like.
[The Night of the Full Moon]
Alexander laid his head on her lap. Her hand moved instinctively to his head, running her fingers through his soft hair. He smiled up at her, she returned his smile, feeling the peaceful pleasure of holding him in her arms.
“I’m tired,” he whispered.
“Sleep,” Selene whispered back sweetly as she continued to run her fingers through his hair.
‘I will watch over you,’ she thought lovingly.
He took her other hand, bringing it to rest over his heart and holding it tightly there. She felt his heartbeat, and it seemed to match her own. There was something she found soothing in that.
“My heart beats for you, Selene,” he whispered.
Selene gasped; her fingers stopped moving for just a moment. She expected to feel fear, something that would make her run. But in reality, she felt joy.
‘I’m surprised,’ she thought to herself, ‘but I feel happy.’
Her mouth curled into a half-smile; her fingers resumed their exploration of his smooth hair.
His head, his eyes, his body, everything grew heavier. Then, finally, his eyelids were beginning to close, she watched him drifting away, and she held him closer. Wanted him to feel her warmth.
“Please, don’t leave me…” he whispered as his voice drifted into sleep.
“I won’t,” she whispered back to him.
A little while later, she moved, and he whimpered.
“Alexander?” she whispered, checking if he had woken.
He made a sound, no words, just a sound.
“Are you awake?” she asked.
“Hmm…” he answered, opening his eyes slowly and heavily. Finally, he turned his head and looked up at her with a lazy smile, “you’re here.”
“Yea,” she giggled at his groggy voice.
He reached his hand up and touched her cheek. “I’m so lucky.”
Selene smiled, leaning into his hand. Her heart swelled with warmth and something more.
“I love you,” she whispered softly, her words coming from somewhere deep inside that she had never felt before.
Alexander smiled again.
“I love you too.”
He relaxed in her arms, beginning his drift back to sleep, he whispered once more.
“What?” Selene asked, unable to hear what he had said.
“Thank you,” he yawned, curling himself back into her lap and pulling her hand tightly against his heart once more.
She felt their heartbeats in sync again. She closed her eyes as though she were listening to a sweet melody.
“…for choosing me,” he whispered as he relaxed into the gentle embrace of sleep in her arms.
The melody was lost as her heart skipped a beat.
‘How?’ she thought to herself as a familiar panic settled into her heart. ‘how did I forget about Jackson?’
Selene cried silent tears in the darkness. She wept for her newfound love, for the man she loved for so long, and finally, for herself. She had never known it was possible to feel so much pain from loving someone.
She stayed with Alexander until the dawn was breaking. When Galen offered to take her place, she should have accepted. She knew it even then. But Selene couldn’t tear herself away from him. These were the only moments they would have together, and she wanted all of them.
[Present]
Her tears flowed down. She tried desperately to keep her sobs silent as the ache grew. She didn’t want anyone to hear her, especially Alexander or Jackson.
‘I’m sorry, Alexander,’ she whispered in her mind, ‘you deserve someone who can let themselves love you. I hope you find her and that I never have to meet her.’
***
His fingernails squeezed painfully into his palm. Alexander had planned to confront Selene and tell her exactly what he remembered of the full moon. Then, to finally get a straight answer from her.
‘Why did you leave me on the night of the full moon.’
Alexander sighed as he remembered the panicked look on her face when he had said those words. How could he confront her? How could he say anything when she looked as though she had seen her own death?
‘She chose him,’ he reminded himself, ‘she lied about what happened that night because I don’t mean anything to her.’
He wanted to accept that. To just let go of her and let Selene live the life she wanted, but when he thought of how Jackson talked to her… Alexander let out a low growl.
‘I have no right,’ he told himself.
He took a deep, cleansing breath and looked up to see that she was finally gone. He started walking towards the cabins when his path was suddenly blocked.
“We need to talk,” Jackson demanded.









Chapter 44 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Alexander’s jaw clenched so tightly he felt his teeth begin to grind. He inhaled deeply through his nose, his hands reflexively curling into fists
‘Go away,’ he growled internally, wondering how much patience he had left for the rat blocking his path.
“I don’t have any business with you,” he managed to say, exhaling the calming breath he had taken in.
“Well,” Jackson snapped back, “I do have business with you.” An angry smirk on his face.


Alexander let out a low growl.
Jackson did the same.
He would be well within his rights as an Alpha to put this insolent moron in the ground. It might cause another argument with Winter. However, the show of disrespect Jackson demonstrated in his attitude towards Alexander would not have been taken by Wyatt.
He considered it. It wouldn’t take much effort on his part.
But Selene would be angry with him.
‘Jealousy breeds foolishness,’ Alexander thought to himself with a deep sigh.
“What do you want?” Alexander asked through gritted teeth.
“Stay away from Selene,” Jackson stated flatly.
“No,” Alexander answered without explanation or excuse.
Jackson snarled.
“Watch yourself!” Alexander snarled back. “I am tolerating your disrespectful attitude because of her, but there is a limit!”
Jackson continued to let out a low growl, but he did back down.
“You may have forced Alpha Wyatt’s hand,” Jackson growled, “but I won’t be so easy.”
Alexander scoffed with disgust.
“There is a difference between bravery and foolishness. Making false statements against me is the latter.”


“You are the one making false claims!” shouted Jackson.
“What the hell are you talking about?” asked Alexander.
“I know that you are the one that demanded Selene come to Summer!” Jackson hissed, “You backed Alpha Wyatt into a corner, refusing to participate in the exchange unless he sent her!”
Jackson noticed that Alexander could hardly hold himself back, settling for letting out a low warning growl. Though Jackson would never openly admit it, he took a step back.
“Your information is insulting, and not just to me,” Alexander replied in a low voice. “I have no reason to respond to your accusations. You have no right to the conversations between Alphas. I will say only this: until she stepped out of that car, I had no idea she was coming to Summer.”
“Right,” Jackson scoffed.
Alexander raised his eyes, a darkness crept across them, the side of his mouth lifted into a smirk.
“Why would I expect her to be the one to arrive in Summer?” Alexander asked innocently, “After all, wasn’t she getting married that day?”
Jackson saw red. He let out a snarl and took two steps forward before he found himself stopped by a wave of hesitation. Before him, Alexander stood tall. The smirk was wiped from his face, replaced by a stern and focused expression. His grey eyes blazed in the moonlight, giving his black pupils a haunting halo.
‘Fuck your Alpha presence!’ Jackson shouted in his mind. He swallowed hard as he desperately tried not to let the hesitation show on his face.
His instinct fought against his decision making. Every part of his body demanded that he submit, that he bows before the Alpha, every piece except his mind. His mind, his thoughts clearly demanded that Alexander be the one to yield.
“You are no match for me. I am Alpha. You are Beta and a pathetic one at that. So submit,” Alexander stated, his neutral tone only serving to enrage Jackson further.
“I would rather die!” Jackson spat, groaning as he fought to keep himself standing. His entire body was heavy, weighing itself down, trying to submit to the alpha presence.
‘If it wouldn’t make her sad….’ Alexander thought to himself.
Letting out a heavy sigh, Alexander relaxed, releasing his alpha presence. Jackson fell to his hands and knees as the resistance was suddenly gone.
“As I said before, I have no business with you,” Alexander stated as he began walking back to his cabin.
“You stay away from her. She is mine!” Jackson growled as Alexander passed him. “You have no right to even look at her! Stay out of our lives!”
Alexander turned suddenly, scooping down, grabbing the front of Jackson’s shirt in one hand, and bunching it together to lift him off the ground and into the air.
“I have every right!” Alexander shouted angrily, grey eyes burning into pale blue. Lightning seemed to rush between the two men.
Jackson could only clench his jaw and listen helplessly as Alexander held in the air.
“I have left you both alone. I have never once purposefully interfered in your relationship! I have allowed her to make her own choices without making demands,” Alexander growled through gritted teeth, a fiery rage dripping from every word. “I have every right to step in, to make my demands, to claim my mate!”
Alexander snarled and growled before he dropped Jackson to the ground forcefully.
“Bullshit!” Jackson shouted, scrambling back to his feet. “You brought her to Summer to try and influence her to accept you! You took her away from her family and me, away from Alpha Wyatt, so he wouldn’t be able to stop you from taking her by force!”
‘Selene, I don’t know how much longer I can promise to let him live,’ Alexander gave a silent prayer for more patience.
“Then why is she still yours?” Alexander asked with weariness slipping into his voice. He was tired of this argument, of this fool wasting his time, of thinking of her.
“She will always choose me.” Jackson smiled.
“If you believe that, why are you here?” Alexander asked. He stepped closer to Jackson. “You are right, she chose you, and that is why I won’t pursue. Our situation is unheard of, but in the end, it is Selene’s decision.”
“And she made that choice, so you should have no problem staying away from her,” Jackson stated.
“I will not be told what to do by you or anyone else. Selene and I have a duty to uphold. I will not stay away from her,” Alexander answered.
He turned to return to his cabin but suddenly stopped, looking back at Jackson once more.
“Selene made her choice, and I will respect it,” he began, “but there is a real threat to your relationship that you should be aware of.”
“What are you talking about?” Jackson asked.
“You,” Alexander answered, turning away without another word.
“Asshole,” Jackson hissed quietly once Alexander had disappeared from view.
“Nice! Taking a shot when no one’s looking!” came a voice from behind Jackson.
Jackson quickly turned, only to be met by a face he recognized, though he didn’t know the man’s name.
“You… I recognize you from Selene’s birthday….” Jackson said, trying to remember.
“Yes, I am Galen.”
Jackson looked him up and down. He remembered this was Alexander’s second, his Beta. Which meant he was an enemy in Jackson’s eyes.
“What are you doing here?” Jackson asked, none too friendly.
“Well, I went on a walk, then I felt my Alpha’s presence. Which usually means someone is being a complete moron. So, I came to find out if I needed to save an idiot’s life from Alexander.” Galen smiled, “Guess he spared you.”
“You—” Jackson started but was quickly interrupted.
“So, I have a question,” Galen said, blatantly ignoring that Jackson had tried to speak. “I heard you mention Alpha Wyatt a couple of times and how Alexander is ‘tricking’ him. Blah blah blah. Anyway, a thought suddenly occurred to me.”
Galen looked at Jackson with shining eyes and tipped his head to the side, innocently smiling as he spoke.
“Why doesn’t he know that his daughter has two mates?”
Jackson unconsciously took a step back. He swallowed the saliva that had suddenly built up in his mouth and worked to steady his breathing.
“I was thinking about it because I remember that Winter is known for something fairly unique amongst the packs. That strict adherence to tradition. And mating traditions, oof, those are doozies. So, it just seemed strange that Alpha Wyatt wouldn’t know about his daughter’s unique situation.”
Galen brought his hand up to rub his chin as though he were giving serious thought to the subject.
“It’s almost like, and I’m just throwing wild guesses here, someone purposefully hid that information from him.”
Galen smiled; Jackson was frozen in place.
“Who would do that, I wonder?” Galen said sarcastically. “I’ve gotten to know Selene pretty well, and I feel confident in saying that she would have kept it from her father in the beginning just because she didn’t know what was going on. But, and this is the important part, someone else is more likely to have convinced her that they should keep it quiet for good. I would guess, maybe using the feud as an excuse.”
Jackson straightened himself and looked directly into Galen’s eyes. He wouldn’t let this man ruin anything for him. “You don’t hav—”
“It would have to be someone with a motive, of course,” Galen started, once more ignoring what Jackson had to say, “what could it be? What could it be?
Galen paced back and forth as though he were genuinely trying to piece together a puzzle.
“I mean, I suppose it is possible that whoever it was realized that if Alpha Wyatt knew about the possibility of two mates… He would cancel the wedding between you two,” Galen said.
He looked up at Jackson with a mocking gasp and widened eyes of feigned shock.
“After all, once Alpha Wyatt learned the truth, it would need to be made clear which of you was her true mate. Since that is the Goddess’ will after all,” Galen smiled brightly as he finished.
“Alpha Wyatt would have known it was me,” Jackson growled through clenched teeth. “I am her true mate. Her only mate.”
“You think that Alpha Wyatt would ever presume to know better than the Goddess?” Galen asked with a raised eyebrow.
“Even if it wasn’t me, he would never allow them to be mated,” Jackson stated, “He hates Alexander. He only allowed Selene to go to Summer because Alexander refused to participate otherwise!”
Galen stared at Jackson silently before bursting into laughter.
“I don’t know where you get your information, but it’s very wrong,” Galen said with false pity.
Jackson prepared for an attack as Galen stepped closer. But, instead, he leaned towards Jackson’s ear before speaking.
“Alpha Wyatt was the one who proposed the arrangement between Summer and Winter,” Galen whispered. “He is also the one that demanded it be Alexander who worked with the berserker he was sending.”
Jackson pulled back, staring at Galen, looking for any sign of joke or lie.
“You don’t have to believe me. Ask your alpha tomorrow,” Galen laughed, “until then….”
Galen’s hand suddenly shot forward, catching Jackson by the throat and yanking him close so he could whisper in his ear as he squeezed tightly.
“Stay the fuck away from my Alpha.”
Jackson fell to the ground once more, gasping and choking for air, his throat burning both from the force of his cough and the pressure Galen had applied.
“Have a great night!” Galen called over his shoulder as he walked away towards the cabin, whistling a happy tune as he went.









Chapter 45 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Before returning to the cabin he shared with Alexander, Galen had stopped by the car looking for some of the road snacks Fiona had entrusted him with. He was disappointed to find he had already devoured all the chocolate Pocky. Seeing one package of the strawberry flavor left, he smiled and went on his way, whistling once more.
He stopped whistling as he approached the door and tried to put a neutral expression on his face. Then, quickly chewing up the last two Pocky sticks before reaching for the handle.
He walked in to find his alpha sitting in one of the reading chairs by a small fireplace.
“Did you have a good walk?” Galen asked as he closed the door.


Alexander glanced up at him without an answer as he took a sip from the mug in his hand.
“Why yes, Galen, I find myself calm and filled with the serene energies of the Goddess,” Galen said with the high-pitched voice of a cartoon character.
Alexander raised an eyebrow and looked away.
“Why no, Galen, the darkness of this world has consumed my soul,” Galen said, this time with a deeper, more dramatic voice.
Galen stared at Alexander, who did not react at all to his hijinks.
“How about, ‘Hi Galen, how was your walk?’ is that too much to ask?” Galen muttered to himself as he walked past Alexander into the small kitchenette.
He looked on the stove where he saw a small pot. Inside were the remnants of homemade hot chocolate.
“Is this Fiona’s recipe?!” Galen shouted excitedly, his face suddenly falling as he realized what was left in the pan was not enough for even one cup.
“I take the time to defend your honor, can’t get a ‘hello,’ can’t get a ‘how ya doing,’ can’t even get a cup of cocoa,” he grumbled quietly as he rinsed the pot in the sink.
He turned out of the kitchenette with a huff, heading for his room.
As he was about to walk past his friend, Alexander suddenly cleared his throat dramatically. Galen turned his eyes towards him without masking his irritation.
“You coughed, sir?” he said dramatically.
Alexander took another sip from his mug and then gestured to the chair on the other side of the fireplace. Galen looked at the chair. At first, he was annoyed that Alexander was playing some weird quiet game. But as his eyes drifted down to the small table between the chairs, he saw a large mug with several floating marshmallows. Then, on a napkin beside the mug, awaited another delicious surprise. Two chocolate Pocky sticks.
Galen happily made his way to the chair. He picked up the mug and took a sip. The velvety warmth flowed over his tongue, and he smiled at the delicious sweetness.
Fiona had made hot chocolate for Galen and Alexander many times throughout their lives. So when they each went on their rotation among the humans, she sent them a case full of the spices and dry mix she used with very detailed instructions on making it just right.


For Galen, this was the taste of home. The comforting memory of happy times, sad times, and family. Though he doubted he would ever be able to say it out loud, in his heart, he honestly considered Fiona as his mom.
“That was unnecessary,” Alexander said, interrupting Galen’s wandering mind.
“What was?” Galen asked, still pulling himself back from his memories.
Alexander looked over at Galen, “Talking to the rat.”
Galen stared back, taking a moment to realize who he meant. He laughed.
“But it was fun,” Galen took another sip of his cocoa, giving his mug a quizzical look before continuing. “If you listened in, how did you have time to make this?”
“I didn’t stick around,” Alexander sighed. “I knew you were there before I left. I heard you mention Alpha Wyatt.”
“I didn’t say anything false or uncalled for,” Galen replied immediately.
“I know,” Alexander said with a smile, looking at his friend, “that’s not your style.”
Galen laughed as he took another sip.
“It was unnecessary, but I thank you just the same, Brother.” Alexander grinned, offering his mug in the air.
Galen smiled, understanding that Alexander had made the cocoa specifically for him, a small thank you.
“Always, Brother.”
Galen raised his mug, and they clinked them together. Then, they enjoyed the rest of their cocoa in a peaceful silence before they each went to bed.
***
The entire party left the campgrounds early in the morning. By the time Selene had come out of her cabin, Saul and Galen had both SUVs ready to go. She walked over to the passenger door, glancing back at the other car where Alexander was opening the passenger door. He looked up, their eyes met, and she felt him.
The force of it drew a gasp from her lips. She felt a longing, a deep sadness. Her eyes began to tear as he turned away.
“All ready?” Jackson asked, suddenly appearing beside her.
“Yea…” she replied casually.
He turned her chin to face him. When their eyes met, she felt cold.
Jackson pressed a soft kiss to her lips. The warmth of his mouth, the tenderness of his touch was a direct contradiction to the coldness she had felt when she gazed into his eyes.
“I’m driving,” he said with a soft smile as he pulled away from her and moved to the driver’s side door.
She was tempted to look back at the other car once more.
‘You made your choice,’ she scolded herself before opening the door and jumping into the car.
***
After three hours of driving, Galen regretted not having packed more snacks.
“What about the M&Ms?” he asked.
Alexander looked through the bag once more, sighing as he pulled out a few snack bags.
“Yes!” Galen cheered excitedly.
Alexander opened the bag and placed it into Galen’s hand. Without care, Galen immediately brought the small container to his lips. He tipped his head back, dropping the contents directly into his mouth. He chewed with delight as a sudden realization struck him.
“Wha da hehw is dis” he gurgled out as his mouth was filled with food.
“Trail mix,” Alexander replied calmly, popping a few nuts into his own mouth.
Galen chewed unhappily, swallowing as soon as he could.
“That’s not funny, man. You made me think there were M&Ms.”
“There is,” Alexander said, holding up the little bag of trail mix that showed M&Ms were a part of the mix.
“You suck,” Galen grumbled, turning up the music to drown out Alexander’s laughter.
***
Their arrival in Winter was not as formal as the arrival to Spring or Summer had been. There was an event scheduled in the meeting hall for the evening, but there was no fanfare or large welcoming party.
The weather simply did not allow for those kinds of greetings.
Instead, Bell, Renee, and Axel came running out to embrace Selene and Jackson. Saul simply ignored them, moving instead to the car’s trunk, where he got to work removing the luggage.
Alexander took a deep breath as he looked around at the snow. Memories of his time with Wyatt, memories of Selene’s birthday. He was starting to doubt he could tell the difference between the good and the bad anymore.
“Shall we?” Alexander asked.
He received silence as an answer. Then, turning to look at Galen, he couldn’t help but laugh. The foolish grin his friend wore was an expression he had never seen on him before. Alexander didn’t need to look to confirm what Galen stared at; it seemed he was quite taken by that wolf.
Alexander punched Galen’s arm, getting his attention. They exited the vehicle and proceeded to unload the trunk of their car.
They had just finished offloading when they were surprised to hear a voice behind them.
“Alpha Alexander,” she called out.
Alexander turned to see Luna Corrine approaching quickly.
“Luna Corrine,” Alexander bowed to her.
She quickly returned the greeting before continuing to speak.
“We had no way to get ahold of you on the road. Unfortunately, however, we received word that there has been an attack on the northern border of Summer.”
“What?” Galen questioned.
Alexander tightened his jaw.
“We don’t know much, only that it was the rogues again, but this time they were able to break through your defenses. From what we have heard, the attacks began late into the night but have not ceased.”
She was quick and direct. Alexander had heard that she was an excellent soldier, a Valkyrie rank. She had led the Shield Maidens for many years. Only having retired months ago when she decided it was time to focus her attention on preparing her son for his eventual role as Alpha.
“We need to go,” Galen stated, quickly picking up the bags from the ground.
“No,” Alexander said, “I will return. You will stay and complete your assignment.”
“But—” Galen tried to object.
“It’s an order,” Alexander stated firmly. “I will send word if we need you to return early. But for now, you will serve as the representative of Summer.”
“Yes, my Alpha,” Galen answered.
“Luna Corrine, please accept my apologies. I must go. Please tell Alpha Wyatt that I will return to complete my duty as soon as I am able.”
Corrine nodded in acknowledgment before leaving the two men to talk.
“Why am I staying?” Galen asked the moment she was out of earshot.
“As I said, it is your duty,” Alexander answered, loading his bag back into the car.
“Uh-huh… and….” Galen said, waving his hands in a gesture that made it clear he wouldn’t give up until he knew the honest answer.
Alexander glanced back, seeing Selene and her friends disappearing into the building. The distance between them felt like a weight on his chest.
“And I need you to watch out for her, keep an eye on him. He has a temper. Make sure she is ok,” he answered quietly.
Galen sighed, remembering the look of peace on Alexander’s face the night of the full moon as he rested in her arms.
“Funny, that doesn’t sound like giving her up to me. Are you sure that you two can’t find a way…?” Galen asked, observing his best friend carefully.
Alexander closed the trunk.
“I know the best way to make Selene’s life easier, how to give her what she wants,” he replied.
Alexander took a deep breath of the cold mountain air. He looked back at the house, knowing that Selene was smiling with her friends, family, and mate somewhere inside. Then, turning away, he went to the driver’s side door and opened it.
“And that’s for me to leave her alone,” he sighed miserably, gripping on to the door. He turned back to Galen, not bothering to conceal the grief in his voice. “I just don’t know if I can anymore.”









Chapter 46 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Selene glanced over her shoulder as she was led back towards her house, but it was already too far away. All she could see was her mother’s back.
Her friends asked question after question about Spring and Summer. Jackson answered what he could, but Selene was distracted.
“What about you, Selene? What did you see of Summer?” Renee asked brightly.
“I mostly just trained.” Selene smiled, trying to push away the memories of running through the trees, Alexander’s secret treehouse, and the full moon.


“Boring!” Bell said jokingly.
“Well, you have two members of Summer here for two weeks. So why not just ask them what it’s like,” Selene replied.
“I might just do that.” Bell smiled mischievously.
“There is no reason to get close to either of them.” Jackson huffed.
Bell turned to him, her expression was concerned, but before she could give voice to her concern, Renee interrupted her thoughts.
“Luna!” called Renee as Corrine approached them. “What happened?”
Selene turned to look at her mother — usually, a picture of beauty — the look on her face was worried.
“I had to deliver an urgent message to Alpha Alexander. We received word just an hour ago that Summer has been attacked by rogue wolves,” Corrine answered calmly. “Alpha Alexander will be returning immediately. Beta Galen will stay to continue with the exchange.”
They each reacted in surprise. Selene felt a cold grip on her chest.
“Selene?” called Bell, looking at her with careful concern.
Selene glanced over to her friend, flashing her a smile.
“I need to put my stuff away and take a shower. It was a long drive.”
“…Ok,” Bell replied hesitantly.
“Excuse me, Mother, I am in desperate need of a shower.” Selene laughed. Corrine smiled at her and excused her.
Selene continued into the house. Once she had left their line of sight, she ran up the stairs into her room. Dropping her bags on the floor, she rushed to her window to look out at the black SUV below. Alexander stood holding on to the driver’s side door; Galen reached a hand to his shoulder.


She felt that deep sorrow once more. Her breath caught in her chest as she watched Alexander climb into the car. Then, putting her hand on the window, she felt a hot tear roll down her cheek as he drove away.
‘Stop,’ she whispered in her mind. ‘You can’t have your foot in both worlds. You love Jackson. Stop looking at Alexander.’
Selene stared out the window for a long time, so focused on steadying herself mentally she didn’t even hear the door behind her open.
“I thought you were taking a shower,” Jackson said.
She took a breath and stepped away from the window, keeping her head down as she went to her dresser.
“I’m getting ready now,” she replied.
“What have you been doing up here?” he asked, taking another step towards her.
“Just stretching a little. It was a long time in the car.”
“Stretching?” he asked coldly. “By the window?”
She pulled out a fresh set of clothes and closed the drawers. Then, grabbing a towel from the top of her dresser, she moved towards her bathroom.
“I am going to take a shower, so you need to go n—”
He grabbed her arm roughly as she tried to move past him. The force surprised her, cutting off her words and drawing her wide eyes to his. There she saw a cold fire burning away.
“Since when does a little stretching cause tears in your eyes?” he spat out in a quiet fury.
He had surprised her when he grabbed her, but her senses returned quickly. She pulled her arm away from him.
“Don’t grab me like that,” she stated firmly.
“Sorry,” he said, watching her closely.
The fire in his eyes dimmed, replaced almost instantly by his usual happy self.
“I was worried when I came in,” he gestured to the door, “I could see the shine of fresh tears on your face.”
He reached a hand slowly and caressed her cheek.
“I was worried.”
His touch was tender, but Selene felt a coldness in it that she couldn’t explain. She pulled away.
“If you thought I was in the shower, you shouldn’t have come into my room anyway.”
Jackson scoffed and turned away from her.
“I see you’re angry that I interrupted your tender moment with your lover.”
“What are you talking about?” Selene replied.
“Do you really think I don’t know why you were at the window?” he asked.
Selene felt her heart racing. She took a deep breath and tried to calm her nerves.
“I don’t know what you think you know. But you’re wrong,” she said.
“I think that the moment you heard he was leaving, you rushed up here. I think that your window has a perfect view of where he was parked.”
Stepping to the window as he spoke, he looked out to see the tire tracks where a black SUV had previously been parked. He leaned his arm against the window, not looking back at her.
“So, Selene, I think that you, my mate, my love, came up to feel close to him and to miss him.” Jackson’s voice was pained, angry, but filled with pain.
He paused, leaning his head against his arm and closing his eyes. Then, all of his long held-back emotions leaking through, his voice cracked as he quietly said, “Tell me I’m wrong.”
Selene felt a wave of guilt rolling over her, again and again. She was dragging this man who loved her through the depths of sadness. How could she do this to him? She needed to be better.
“You’re wrong,” she managed to keep her voice steady. “I am not trying to be close to anyone except you.”
Selene walked over to him. Placing a hand on his cheek, she lifted herself on her toes and kissed him on the lips.
“I love you, Jackson. You are the only one I choose.”
***
Every pack was a self-sustained society, complete with hospitals, restaurants, shopping centers, entertainment districts.
Autumn by far exceeded in luxuries of life. Spring was well known for the products and businesses it created. The medical techniques and products that came out of Summer were practically miracles. But there was one area, outside of fighting, that Winter had the most outstanding achievement in.
Alcohol.
Due to their fast healing and increased metabolism, most alcohol simply did not affect wolves. But Winter had perfected the mead recipes handed down by the humans they once lived amongst. They had adapted and made it more potent than ever before. Drinking a couple of pints of the current recipe was enough to make any wolf a little tipsy. Every pack, including Summer, had a shipping arrangement for mead.
Jackson sat at the bar, with his third pint almost gone.
“My friend, what a welcome surprise!”
He turned to see that all too familiar smile approaching him from the bar door.
“Holden,” he said with a nod of acknowledgment.
“You seem down, Jackson. Let me buy you a drink.” Holden offered joyfully. He called the attention of the bartender and placed his order.
“What are you doing here?” Jackson asked, taking a drink.
“I arrived not long ago with the woman from Autumn. She reminded me that Winter brews the best meads and ale. So I decided I would let loose this first night and try one of the dark honey meads she mentioned.”
Jackson nodded again before returning to his drink. His head felt a little heavy, and thoughts traveled freely amongst his insecurities and frustrations.
“But what is the matter with you, my friend?” Holden asked with concern.
Jackson looked up at him; the man was the same as ever, still short, still had curly brown hair, and still had that Cheshire cat smile.
“Is it stuck?” Jackson asked.
“Is what stuck?” Holden replied.
“The smile,” he said, pointing to his mouth as he spoke, “it never goes away. Even when you sound sad or concerned, you still have that thing creeping on your face.”
He knew he was getting drunker by the minute but wasn’t that better than simply feeling angry?
“Ha!” Holden laughed, “Yes, I have heard something similar before. But, no, Jackson, it is not stuck. I am simply a happy man.”
Holden sat down and focused his attention.
“I like my friends to be happy too. Perhaps I can help you?”
“Doubtful.” He huffed.
“Would it hurt to try?” smiled Holden.
Taking the last of the mead from his cup, Jackson thought about what was bothering him. Maybe it would help to talk with someone who was not a part of the situation.
“Alpha Alexander, he shows too much interest in her,” Jackson grumbled, playing the empty cup in his hand. “And she… does the same.”
“I see,” said Holden, smiling darkly as Jackson stared at his empty cup.
The bartender dropped off the two cups Holden had ordered. Then, pulling the empty cup away from Jackson, he replaced it with a full one.
“You shouldn’t worry too much, dear boy; your mate is young. However, it is not strange for her to have a passing infatuation with Alpha Alexander. He is quite the specimen,” Holden replied.
Jackson growled at the last.
“Not that you aren’t, of course!” Holden quickly added, “I only mean to say that it is nothing to worry about. It is a crush at most. After all, you are her mate. Once you are bonded, there will be nothing to separate you.”
“Once we are bonded….” Jackson whispered into his cup before taking another drink.
“Yes,” Holden said, “There is nothing stronger than the pull of the mate bond. A chosen mate will never outweigh one who is fated.”
‘I love you, Jackson. You are the only one I choose.’ her words echoed in his mind, mocking him.
“So, there is nothing to fear. Try as he might, Alpha Alexander cannot steal that which is yours alone,” Holden whispered.
Jackson looked carefully at Holden; he knew better than to trust him. While generally a peaceful pack, Spring had always been gatherers of secrets. Then again, maybe that was precisely what he needed. Secrets, information not well known.
“Have you ever heard of a wolf having two mates?” he asked quietly.
“Two mates?” Holden asked, his eyes widening with surprise.
Holden was quiet for a moment. He looked at Jackson, carefully thinking.
“Ah, I see,” he said, his smile once more turning up into his familiar grin. “That is what he told her, is it?”
Jackson looked up at Holden so quickly the world around him took a moment to catch up.
“What do you mean?” he asked, desperation in his voice.
“You are saying,” Holden began quietly, leaning close to Jackson, “that Alpha Alexander has told your Selene that they are mates, though she is already your mate?”
“What do you mean ‘told’?” Jackson asked.
“I mean, two mates?” Holden chuckled. “No, no, the Goddess gives one mate and one alone.”
“But she was drawn to him; she felt the pull. So it was Selene that discovered him. Not the other way around.” Jackson countered.
“So, you believe that Selene is the one and only wolf blessed by the Goddess twice and that the second mate just happens to be her father’s enemy?”
Jackson scrunched his eyes. It was strange. But what else could explain it?
“Let me ask you, Jackson, do you know anything about the old fae magic?”
Jackson shook his head. He had learned all the basics, the wins, and losses, but he had not paid much attention to what the Fae had created or what magic they wielded. It didn’t matter. They had died out millennia ago.
“We know that Fae magic involves a lot of secrecy and deception.”
“So?” Jackson asked, starting to feel annoyed at the man before him. His drunkenness was beginning to take hold of his mind. Holden’s words were slurring and echoing as the light in the room was dimming.
Jackson looked up at his ‘friend’. That ever-present smile seemed to have grown unnaturally more giant. His voice was playful, almost excited as he next spoke.
“What if I told you that there have been reports of Summer using Fae magic?”









Chapter 47 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Jackson awoke with a pounding in his head and a heaviness in his body. He was sluggish and dizzy.
The dark honey mead was even more potent than the normal one. He could remember three empty glasses and one glass of dark honey. Other than that, he wasn’t sure what he had been up to the night before.
He sat up as his alarm blared in his head louder than it should. He needed to wake up. This morning, he was due to begin the long-range lessons at the training grounds.
Grabbing his towel, Jackson made his way to the shower. The warm water felt nice on his aching skin. Then, finally, his mind began to clear away the haze of the alcohol.


‘Fae magic.’
The words echoed around in his memory. His heart raced, and he felt anger from them, but he had no idea why. Fae magic was never something he had been interested in.
He knew the things that he needed to know, how they had tried to enslave the humans and been defeated by the werewolves who had received Goddess’ blessings.
But why would their magic matter? It was long gone. The fae were dead. So there was no reason for him to care about such things.
He shut off the water, drying himself. Finally, he decided to ignore the words dancing around his memory.
***
An hour later, Jackson arrived at the training grounds. He had just enough time to check-in and get his equipment set up before the others would be coming.
He was pulling his bows when he was approached from behind.
“Jackson,” called out Saul.
“Hey,” Jackson replied with a warm smile, “are you participating in this as well?”
“No, I was sent by Alpha Wyatt,” Saul replied, “he has decided to take the representatives on a tour of the northern border. Therefore, your lesson has been postponed until tomorrow.”
“I don’t understand,” Jackson replied, his smile faltering slightly.
“What is there to understand?” Saul asked, genuinely unsure what the problem could be.
“Why wasn’t I informed?” Jackson asked.
“I am informing you now.”


“For what purpose do they need a tour of our borders?” Jackson demanded, “they came to learn about attack strategy and long-range defense. There is no reason to give them unnecessary access to anything else of ours.”
Saul was confused by the hostility that was coming from Jackson. He could only assume that, unlike himself, Jackson was one of the wolves that felt strongly about the feud. Therefore, he must have thought that the wolves of Summer should not even be allowed to cross into Winter. All that he could do was offer his opinion and hope the boy listened to reason before starting a problem with another pack.
“During my time in Summer, I learned….”
Saul thoughtfully explained the things he had discovered about the defenses in Summer, about the way they operated. He had learned quite a bit from his two weeks. When they had arrived the night before, he had not hesitated to share those lessons with his alpha.
Alpha Wyatt had been receptive to opening a dialogue on making improvements. So, Saul arranged for a border tour. The primary purpose was to allow Galen a chance to review their defenses and offer what suggestions he could to improve them.
His words were clear, concise, and without bias. A very well thought out and planned exchange of information to benefit the wolves of Winter. Saul hoped Jackson would be able to understand his intention.
Unfortunately, Saul’s words had fallen on deaf ears at the first mention of Summer.
They stood awkwardly silent for several minutes.
Saul wasn’t sure what else he could say, nor did he feel any real need to try and convince Jackson any further. His task had been to inform him of the schedule change. That task was done
“I’ll be off then,” he grunted as he walked away, leaving Jackson alone to settle his thoughts.
‘Why are those mutts always causing me problems!’ Jackson shouted angrily in his mind.
He had gotten distracted as soon as Saul had mentioned Summer. He didn’t care for whatever excuse Saul made. What mattered was that they were interfering. Somehow, they had pushed Alpha Wyatt to change the schedule he had already approved.
‘…there have been reports of Summer using Fae magic….’
Holden’s words suddenly rang out in Jackson’s mind with new clarity.
“What did he say?” Jackson asked himself aloud, trying to remember what Holden had said about Fae magic.
‘…a lot of secrecy and deception…’
His eyes widened; he felt a lump in his throat.
Jackson ran towards the sparring chambers. He needed to find Selene.
***
Selene looked around the room with a heavy sigh.
She lightly punched one of the sandbags without effort into the action. This was supposed to be her first session with Alexander in Winter. They had focused almost entirely on defense and learning each of their fighting styles. Here they were going to begin her portion of the training, and she had been excited about it.
Her style was wilder and looser than his. He was strong and long-lasting in a fight, while she was quick and aggressive. When she was fighting, she didn’t think of defense. Instead, she focused on taking the enemy down fast and hard.
Alexander had pointed out that while it did allow her to make fast work of the first wave, it left her open to attack from the second or even a hidden opponent. She disagreed until they trained in the simulation room together.
At first, she had held her own, taking down two enemies quickly and efficiently. She had even taken the time to give Alexander a smug smile. But she hadn’t paid enough attention and had missed the two that had hidden behind them. They both attacked at once, her quick movements kept her mostly out of harm’s way, but they wore her down.
As she grew tired, her actions became slow and sloppy. Selene fought hard to regain her ground, only to find yet another surprise attacker, this time leaving her side exposed to receive a blow.
She laughed as she remembered the smug smile Alexander had given her when he offered his hand to help her back up.
It had been a crushing defeat and an exhilarating lesson.
Selene reached down and touched her side, had it been real, she would have died. But instead, she only had some bruising and a minor soreness for the rest of the evening.
“Selene!” Jackson shouted, startling her from her memory.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
He ran to her, putting his arms around her, hugging her tightly.
“Jackson! Hey!” she mumbled into his shoulder. She pushed him back just far enough that she could see his face.
“What is going on?” she questioned anxiously.
“What do you know about Fae magic?” he demanded.
Selene was dumbstruck by the complete randomness of the question.
“What?” was all she could manage to say.
“What do you know about Fae magic?” he repeated.
Pushing away her confusion, she tried to answer his question.
“I’m not sure. It’s been a long time since I studied up on them,” she began, “I know they were masters of elements, earth in particular. They often used their magic for convenience. Oh! Like the gateways that would take them from one side of the continent to the other in a matter of seconds. The gateway entrance in the sacred forest was one of them.”
The annual Blood Moon Gathering entrance was a looming stone arch of carved foliage. Millenia ago, it had been an active gateway. Only the Fae could activate it. After the Goddess had raised up the werewolves that then eliminated the Fae, these gateways became nothing more than decorative pieces around the world.
“There was some stuff about shapeshifting or mimicry. Loki was the best example. He hid among the humans for years without them knowing, influencing them, and causing chaos. It wasn’t until Alpha Geri and Beta Freki discovered his tricks that he was revealed.”
The story of her people was interesting, though a part of her wondered if it had truly been necessary to eradicate all the Fae. She had always been interested in learning what she could about them. However, her pursuit of that knowledge had fallen aside when her priorities had shifted to becoming a wife and maintaining her position as a berserker.
But Jackson had never cared about the Fae. He had always found the history uninteresting.
“Why are you asking all of a sudden, Jackson?”
“Because Selene,” he said, his tone very serious, “I believe that you are being manipulated by Fae magic.”
“What are you talking about?” Selene asked incredulously.
“Alexander,” Jackson replied.
“What about him?” Selene sighed. She felt tired already. Any conversation with Jackson about Alexander was a fight waiting to happen.
“There are reports that he has been using Fae magic,” Jackson whispered.
Selene suddenly stood up straight. She backed away from him, holding a serious gaze.
“What are you talking about?” she demanded. “Where did you hear that?”
She thought back to the treant in the simulation room. She had found it strange when Alexander said it was an old fae beast. But it wasn’t magic that brought it to life. It was technology.
“That doesn’t matter,” he replied quickly. “What matters is that he is using some dark fae magic to manipulate you into believing that he is your mate!”
Selene found herself stunned once more.
“Jackson,” she began, “I know this situation is hard. It’s hard on all of us. But you can’t throw around accusations like that just because you don’t like him!”
She hadn’t meant to, but by the end of her sentence, she had shouted at him. Her heart was pounding in her ears, and she recognized a protective instinct she hadn’t felt towards Alexander before. It was concerning.
“I’m not making this up, Selene!” he shouted back, grabbing her arm and pulling her close to him. “He is tricking you, and you are refusing to see it! He is using you to get back at your dad, and he is using fae magic to do it!”
“You have no proof of that!” Selene shouted. “Do you have any idea what would happen if someone heard and believed you?”
“It is true! It’s the only thing that makes sense! Why else would you have two mates?” Jackson demanded, gripping her arm tightly.
“Maybe the Goddess made a mistake!” Selene shouted, pulling at her arm as his grip was hurting.
He threw her arm down. A dark expression settling over his face. His voice was distant and cold.
“So, you think she gave you a new mate because she made a mistake the first time?”









Chapter 48 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“That is not what I said!” Selene shouted angrily.
She was surprised by her own voice.
“Didn’t you?” Jackson asked coldly.
“No, Jackson,” she stated clearly, “I didn’t.”


“How else am I supposed to take it?” he asked.
“Exactly how I meant it!” she answered, “The Goddess made a mistake! There is no record of another wolf having two mates; it’s a mistake.”
“Or Alexander is using dark magic against Winter.”
Selene growled in frustration. She wanted to be patient with him, to understand where he was coming from. But the ridiculousness of his words was too much.
“I’m not making it up! There are reports—” Jackson began.
“What reports?” she demanded.
Jackson looked away from her, unsure how to respond. He didn’t even remember all that Holden had said, only that there had been reports of Summer using fae magic.
“Does my father suspect this?” she asked, stepping closer to him, “did he show you a report claiming that Alpha Alexander was using fae magic?”
“No,” Jackson answered quietly.
“Then who?” she asked, a barely audible growl under her words.
Jackson felt the heat of his anger rising as he witnessed how she tried to protect Alexander.
“I can’t tell you.”
“Why not?” she asked, crossing her arms over her chest as she watched him closely.
“It was shared with me in confidence.”
“Then you saw it? Proof of these claims, not just someone’s ideas or words?”


He growled.
She growled back.
“So desperate to protect your mate?” he asked venom in his voice.
Selene gritted her teeth.
“Yes, I am,” she hissed coldly.
Jackson’s eyes widened, and he felt as though he had been punched in the gut.
“You!” she shouted angrily. “Idiot.”
“Me?” he questioned.
“Yes, you!” she paced back and forth for a moment, calming her frustrations. “You go around claiming that an Alpha is using fae magic. There will be consequences.”
“Then I should just sit back and relax while he manipulates you and tries to take you away from me?”
“No one is manipulating me!” Selene shouted. “And I already told you, I’m not going anywhere!”
“If he’s using magic, you might not have a choice,” Jackson said firmly.
Selene growled again, this time letting her frustration out by hitting the sandbag closest to her.
“He isn’t using fae magic! He can’t!”
“How do you know?” he asked, crossing his arms over his chest.
Letting out a frustrated sigh, she closed her eyes to think.
‘If I don’t find a way to prove it to him, he won’t let this go. But if I tell him, I am breaking my word.’
Selene looked up at him once more, he was angry, but below the anger, she saw the hurt and the genuine love he held for her.
‘He is my mate. I have chosen to spend my life with him. So I can trust him.’
With a resigned sigh, she approached him.
“I am going to tell you something that you cannot tell anyone else,” she began, “I gave my word that this would remain a secret.”
“Between you and Alexander?” Jackson asked icily.
“Shut up and listen,” Selene growled.
Jackson took a deep breath in an attempt to calm down, it didn’t do much, but he nodded for her to continue.
“I know that Alexander isn’t able to use fae magic because I know that it can only be used by someone possessing fae blood,” she said quietly. “The person who told me this was my father.”
Jackson felt his anger slipping away as it was replaced by confusion.
“How would he know that?”
“Knowledge passed down from alpha to alpha. I wasn’t supposed to hear it, he was teaching Axel, and I kind of snuck into the room,” she answered with a small smile, “he caught me and made me promise to keep it to myself. But I am trusting you to keep this a secret. Because you are my mate.”
“What else did he say?” Jackson asked.
“I don’t know. He made me leave. But I didn’t need to know, so I didn’t ask any further.”
For a moment, neither of them said anything. Finally, she was sure he was processing and would understand.
‘Holden is a wolf of Spring; all they do is gather information. He must know something Alpha Wyatt doesn’t,’ Jackson thought to himself.
He shook his head and turned away from her.
“Alexander must have found a way around it.” Jackson sighed.
“Are you kidding me?” Selene’s irritated voice demanded, “Are you that desperate to make him into the bad guy?”
“It’s not just me!” Jackson shouted back at her, “I told you there are reports of fae magic in Summer!”
Selene felt the frustration in her rising to a boiling point.
‘Who is whispering in your ear?’ She wondered to herself as the frustration grew. ‘Why are you so convinced of this?!’
A brief memory flashed a mischievous smile and sparkling eyes into her mind.
‘Alice…she must have seen the simulations too,’ she sighed to herself. ‘Damn spy,’
“There is no fae magic!” she shouted, no longer worried about hiding her irritation. “Summer uses technology. They have simulations and lights and mirrors! It isn’t magic! Alexander runs simulations using fae creatures from our history books! It’s a damn training exercise!”
“What?” Jackson asked. He hadn’t heard anything about fae creatures before.
“I am telling you, Jackson, stop saying these idiotic things before someone else hears you!” Selene snarled at him before turning away and storming off.
“Selene!” he called after her, the door slammed, and he was left alone once more with his thoughts.
***
“I don’t know why I listened to you!” Jackson growled, slamming the mug on the counter. “So much for Spring, always having the best information!”
“What do you mean?” Holden asked, showing concern.
Jackson looked over at the short man. For once, that Cheshire cat grin was not plastered on his face. Somehow, seeing the shock and confusion on Holden’s face made him feel a little better. At least he wasn’t the only idiot today.
“You made me look like an idiot,” Jackson grumbled. “Are there even any reports that Summer is using Fae magic? Or were you just messing with me?”
Jackson gave Holden a dangerous look that he was wise enough to recognize.
“I truly don’t know what you mean. I have been given the same information I gave to you, my friend.”
Jackson scoffed.
“Well, it’s wrong.”
“Oh?” Holden asked, his curiosity piqued. He tempered his voice to keep it from showing. “But my understanding is that there is evidence of such use.”
“What kind of evidence?” Jackson asked.
“Photographs of fae creatures within the Summer territories.”
“Pfft.” Jackson laughed. He didn’t know if it was the alcohol settling into his system that made him feel better or just hearing Holden make the same mistakes he had. “Those are simulations. Training exercises. It’s tech, not magic.”
“That’s a rather convenient excuse.” Holden offered, testing the waters of Jackson’s willingness to share information. “One easily come up with by a man as tricky as Alpha Alexander. I’d say the possibility still exists that they are using fae magic.”
“Summer isn’t using fae magic,” Jackson stated, rolling his eyes at Holden’s insistence. “They can’t.”
“And why is that?” asked Holden carefully.
“Only someone with fae blood can activate fae magic.” Jackson sighed as he took a drink.
“Curiouser and curiouser,” Holden whispered to himself.. A dark smile crept onto Holden’s face, unseen by Jackson, who focused entirely on his mug.









Chapter 49 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
When Alexander had left, Galen had made three promises. The first was to fulfill his duty as a representative of Summer. The second was to watch over Selene. The third was a request Alexander had made almost literally as he drove away.
“There is one more thing that I need you to do while you are here,” Alexander said as he climbed into the car.
“Name it,” Galen said.
“You need to find out everything you can about the wolfsbane. When it was used, how much, how many casualties, how they were treated. Everything.”


“I get why you want all that, but this is Winter. So they aren’t exactly going to be opening up the doors and rolling out the red carpet for me,” Galen replied.
“Perhaps not,” Alexander said as he closed the door. “But Selene did mention that her friend is a doctor and the one who treated her.”
“Her friend?” Galen asked.
Alexander started the engine, and Galen stepped back.
“Your dance partner,” Alexander replied with a wink before the car pushed away down the road.
Because of this promise, Galen now found himself standing outside the hospital, anxiously staring at the entrance.
‘I don’t even know what kind of doctor she is. Am I just going to wander around the hospital, popping my head in every room saying ‘yoohoo Bell?’ over and over?’
He shook his head at the thought.
‘There has to be a way to find her that won’t make me look like a stalker or an idiot.’
As he continued to worry about approaching the situation, he missed the approach of someone on his left.
“What are you staring at?” Saul asked, looking at the hospital entrance for anything out of the ordinary.
“Dude!” Galen shouted, almost jumping out of his skin. “I could have killed you, ya know!”
Saul shook his head.
“No,” Saul stated firmly before giving his explanation. “I approached from the left because on the right, you had an advantage. Also, I spoke from behind, so if you did try to strike at me, you were more likely to hit high., I am shorter than you, so it wouldn’t be difficult to avoid the swing.
Also, your senses are far more aware of danger than you would expect. You weren’t going to strike at me because you already knew I wasn’t a threat before you knew who it was that approached.”


Galen stared at Saul.
“So, what you are saying is that you took a calculated risk because you wanted to see me jump?” he asked.
“Yes.” Saul smiled.
“Winter’s got jokes, ladies and gentlemen!” Galen shouted with a laugh.
Saul joined him with a chuckle before returning to his original question.
“So, what are you staring at?”
“Oh, uh, well…. I thought that it might be a good idea to take a look at the setup of your medical facilities,” Galen replied. Trying to think of the most plausible excuse. “I realize that I am here to learn about combat tactics, but a well-prepared medical team is a basic part of combat tactics in my book.”
“Agreed,” Saul nodded, adding, “let’s go.”
“Go? Go where?” Galen asked quickly, following Saul.
“It would be difficult to properly judge the medical facilities by looking at the brick and mortar of the building. Instead, you need to actually step inside the hospital and see the staff.”
“Yes, and that was my plan exactly,” Galen said, trying to find how to escape the situation. “But wait, what were you doing here?”
“Lunch.” Saul held up a lunchbox while continuing to walk.
“You bring your lunch to eat at the hospital?” Galen asked, showing his confusion.
“My mate, my wife. She is a nurse. I come to have lunch with her whenever I can,” Saul answered.
He wasn’t slowing down; they had entered the building already and were passing people left and right without a word. Galen wasn’t sure where Saul planned to take him, but he needed to get back on track.
“Maintaining the bond with your mate is an essential matter. So please don’t let me stop you,” Galen smiled.
“We are here,” Saul said, suddenly stopping.
Galen almost ran directly into his back.
“Where is here?” he asked.
“Where you wanted to be,” Saul answered before continuing to walk.
“Wait! Where are you going?” Galen called.
Saul lifted the lunchbox in the air and called back, “Lunch!”
Galen chuckled.
Saul was an interesting person. During his time in Summer, he had gone out of his way to talk to Galen about how they could adjust and improve their defenses while making sure no one was around to hear it. After arriving in Winter, Saul had gone straight to Alpha Wyatt. He rerouted all the representatives just to get a perimeter defense appraisal from Galen.
Now out of nowhere, he showed up to help Galen when he felt lost.
‘Saul, are you some kind of quest NPC?’ Galen mused to himself, thinking of the video games he had played when he was younger.
‘But seriously, where did you take me?’ he wondered, looking around at what appeared to be an empty nurse’s station.
“Well, hello, Handsome,” a welcome voice called out.
He closed his eyes, allowing Bell’s warm voice to roll over him, sending a shockwave of anticipation from the top of his head to the tip of his toes. Of course, she wasn’t his bond mate, but all living beings had primal urges. And an attraction felt by a wolf, even just a passing crush, was felt deeply.
Galen turned around; he looked down at her with a tender smile. She was dressed in dark blue scrubs, a long-sleeved pink shirt underneath. Her hair was pulled up into a messy bun, and a playful grin adorned her face.
“Nice to see you, Bell,” he grinned.
Placing a hand on her hip and turning it out toward him, she drew her chin down toward her chest. Then, after adjusting her body into the famous modeling pose, she pouted her lips.
“Nice to be seen,” she replied, topping it off with a playful wink.
He chuckled.
“So, to what do I owe this unexpected pleasure?” Bell smiled, relaxing her body and hugging the chart in her hand to her chest.
“Well,” he began, “part of my job in Summer involves appraising different aspects of our medical staff and facilities—”
“So, you’re here to check me out,” she stated.
Galen smiled, letting out a laugh.
“I am here to check on all the staff and facilities,” he clarified.
“You are here,” Bell said teasingly, “to check me out.”
Stepping closer and closer until they were only inches apart. She looked up at him with a self-satisfied grin.
“Just admit it, you missed me.”
Galen couldn’t take his eyes off hers. Though his experience was lacking, his instincts told him there was no mistaking the intention in her words. He felt the low rumble deep within him, the soft growl that denoted his rising attraction to her.
He stepped forward, forcing her back before he turned them. His quick movement drove her against the desk, her hands each falling to the desk to brace her. The chart she held fell to the ground. Before Bell had a chance to react to it, he moved again.
Placing his hands on the desk at either side of her body, he leaned down to her, his face mere inches from her own. Their eyes locked once more.
“Are you sure it isn’t you that missed me?” he asked suggestively.
Bell was surprised at his boldness. She swallowed down the rising fire from the pit of her stomach. Then, never one to be outdone, she mustered up all of her will and determination.
Pressing down on her hands, she lifted herself off the ground, pulling herself up to sit on the desk. She smiled brightly at Galen and reached her arms out around his neck.
“Well, Handsome, seems like maybe we missed each other,” she whispered suggestively, leaning close again, their mouths so close she could feel the warmth of his breath. “Why don’t we do something about it?”









Chapter 50 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Galen felt the warmth of her breath on his lips, sending a ripple of pleasure and anticipation through his entire being. Her seductive voice danced in his ears and played like music down, creating a rhythm in his body until his pants began to feel a little too tight.
A soft blush crept over him, beginning at his throat, and spreading to the tip of his ears. He quickly ducked his head out of her arms and pushed himself off the desk. Throwing his body back against the opposite wall. A good three feet of space now dividing them.
He saw a satisfied grin on Bell’s face. She leaned back and crossed her legs, bouncing one of her feet.
‘This one is dangerous,’ he thought to himself. He remembered having the same thought about Alice, except he also felt irritated by her attention. With Bell, however, it was not unwanted.


“Guess I missed you more,” she pretended to pout.
Galen cleared his throat.
“So, I heard you are a doctor,” he said in an attempt to change the subject and get back on mission.
Bell pursed her pouting lips together and cocked her head to the side, glaring at him impishly.
“Fine, have it your way,” she sighed dramatically, “we’ll talk ‘serious’ now.”
Bell hopped down from the desk.
“Am I a doctor?” She repeated his statement as a question. “Well, that depends on what you consider a doctor. Do I have a medical license? No, that would require being involved with the human world. Have I gone to school for medicine, also no, same reason.
Have I read every book within the territories of Winter about medicine? Probably. Have I had many years of training under multiple medical professionals and watched countless hours of procedures and operations? Yes.”
“So, you ARE a doctor?” Galen asked.
“Technically no, technically yes,” she laughed.
“Ya know,” he replied, relaxing a little and crossing his arms over his chest, “you don’t have to have a license to be a doctor. Not in the packs. Sure, if you wanted to be a doctor among humans, you need one. But our system exists for us and us alone. From what I know, you are more than qualified. You ARE a doctor. Period.”
Bell looked him up and down, smiling to herself.
“Ok, I am a doctor,” she said, raising her eyebrow slightly. “Did you need a checkup?”
“Are you offering?” he smiled back, a slight suggestion in his voice.
“No, no, no,” Bell chastised playfully, “you already quit that game, remember?”


Galen nodded his head with a grin. He enjoyed his time with her. Bell was bright, beautiful, and her smile gave him a kind of warmth he couldn’t describe.
‘Your mate is a lucky man,’ he thought to himself sadly. ‘Whoever or wherever he is.’
“As much as I enjoy our chats, and I really do,” she smiled, “I do need to get this charting done and check up on some of my patients. So, if there was nothing else?”
“Actually,” he said as she picked up the fallen chart, “I really did come to check out the facilities. To see how the hospital operates, what your treatments look like, the general knowledge level of the staff.”
“What for? Oh no,” she gasped dramatically, “you’re not a spy, are you? Coming to steal all our secret healing ways? Or filling our medicine bottles with those chalky candies?”
Galen was confused. He knew, of course, that she was joking, but the odd specificity of the joke had him curious.
“What?” he chuckled.
Bell laughed.
“So, cards on the table, I already knew you were here. I didn’t think I would run into you, but I knew you were in the hospital.”
“You did?” he asked.
“Yea,” she chuckled, “a few people saw you outside. They came up with all kinds of reasons and theories behind your presence.”
Galen raised an eyebrow, “Oh really?”
“I was quite interested in the one where you might have a health concern that you were too embarrassed to see your own doctors about,” Bell smiled, “down there.”
Bell brought her hand up near her mouth, curling her index finger and then pointing down. His eyes followed the direction she pointed, landing where his pants had grown a bit too tight before. He shifted uncomfortably and cleared his throat.
“I have no health concerns,” he replied quickly.
“Hmm,” Bell said with a teasing smirk, “so why do you need to inspect the hospital?”
“It’s basic combat tactics. Medical teams are a vital part of any pack and defense, whether preventative medicine or after-care treatment. They affect the pack as a whole.”
“I thought you were here to learn about attack tactics?” Bell asked, crossing her arms over her chest.
“I am, but while I’m here, Saul has asked that I look at the defenses as well. To see if there are any recommendations that I believe would be for the good of the pack. He didn’t ask me to look at the hospital specifically, but as I said, the hospital and its staff are all a key part of basic combat tactics.”
His reply was, generally speaking, accurate. Saul had asked him to look at the overall defenses, and Galen firmly believed that the medical facilities were a key component of proper combat tactics.
He just didn’t reveal his other reason for being in the hospital.
“Ok, well, I can squeeze in a tour and a few questions,” she said happily. “But I really do need to do this charting first.”
He agreed and followed her down the hall to a small office. She sat at the desk, and he looked around the room while she got to work. He looked through the books on the shelf before he pulled out one that piqued his interest. It was black leatherbound, with a piece of thick cord wrapped around it. It looked more like a journal than a published book.
As he turned the book in his hands, he realized there was no title written on the cover, so he began to unwrap the cord. When it released, and he was able to pull back the leather, he discovered that his instincts had been right. It was a journal.
There were handwritten notes on every page, some with anatomical drawings and sketches. Here and there were images of plants, tools, and some things he didn’t recognize right away.
Bell had glanced up from her charting. She saw him looking at a book with interest; the look on his face was curious.
‘He’s so adorable,’ she smiled to herself.
He had been flipping through the pages; finally, he pulled the book up closer to his face to read.
‘He must have found something that interested him,’ she thought.
Glancing at the shelf, she tried to identify which book he had picked up. At first, she couldn’t figure out which one it was. Not until he turned the book in his hands and she finally caught sight of the black leather. Her eyes widened as she jumped up from her chair.
Just as he was about to read some of the notes, he was surprised as Bell pulled the book out of his hands, holding it protectively against her chest.
He looked up at her, and at first, he was surprised. But quickly, his surprise turned to concern as he saw the look in her eyes.
“Bell?” he said, “I’m sorry if you didn’t want me to touch anything. I wasn’t trying to snoop.”
She swallowed and moved away from him. Then, opening a drawer at her desk, she placed the journal inside.
“I’m really sorry, Bell. I wasn’t trying to invade your privacy. I thought it was just some medical notes.”
Bell sat down timidly, staring down at her hands. It was strange to see her this way. She always seemed so strong, so sure of herself. But at this moment, she seemed so small and fragile. He wanted to hold her in his arms and assure her that everything would be alright.
“It’s ok,” she said quietly. “It’s not what you think.”
He sat down in the chair across the desk, keeping his focus on her the whole time.
“It’s not my journal. I’m not scared of you reading my private thoughts,” she said softly, lifting her head and smiling at him.
But all he saw were the unshed tears that glistened in her eyes.
“Then what is it?” he asked warmly.
“It is a journal,” she replied, “but it belonged to my mom.”









Chapter 51 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“Your mom?” he asked. “Was she a doctor too?”
Bell nodded.
“She must be proud of you, taking after her.” Galen smiled warmly.
Bell looked away.


“She was the first doctor I trained under,” she smiled. “From the time I was ten, I started going to the clinic with her and training every day. I was performing basic procedures on my own by thirteen.”
“That’s impressive.” Galen grinned slightly as he tried to imagine her at that age.
“It was necessary,” Bell replied quietly.
Galen looked at her carefully, there was something strange in the way she answered.
“Are you ok?” he asked.
Their eyes locked, he saw sadness, pain, and a longing. She saw empathy, protection, and care. Bell turned away from him, standing up.
“I’m fine,” she sighed, “my mom died. Both of my parents, actually, when I was fifteen.”
Bell moved over to the shelf, adjusting the books, fiddling with their order. Keeping herself distracted as she waited for the pity that Galen would no doubt pour on her.
“It’s an unfortunate thing to have in common,” Galen replied softly.
Bell turned to find him standing right behind her. She gasped and backed herself into the bookshelf.
“What?” she asked.
“I lost my mother when I was fourteen, my dad joined her three years later,” his voice was soft, comforting.
He moved closer to her, once more she tried to move back but the bookshelf was in the way.
‘Is he trying to kiss me? Now??’ she wondered to herself, while she did want to kiss him, the moment wasn’t right.
Just as she was about to put a hand up to push him away, he moved first. His warm hands touched her shoulders, ran down the length of her arms, and stopped at her hands, holding them gently.


“You don’t need my apologies, condolences, or pity. They don’t mean anything; they are just words.”
`I hate those words,’ she answered him in her mind. He understood the words people offered to comfort the one that remained. They were bitter, they were empty.
“It’s been a long time since I lost them, but I miss them and it still hurts. I won’t offer you pity, but I do offer my shoulder, my ear, my understanding. I am here for you, whatever you need. There is no expiration on grief.” He squeezed her hands and gave her a reassuring smile.
‘This guy is dangerous,’ she thought to herself as a warmth settled over her heart. Then, a different kind of panic began to grow.
She looked up at him, part of her wanting to wrap her arms around him and kiss him, another part still wishing to push him away.
“I’m going to go and let you have some time to yourself,” he whispered, leaning forward, and kissing her forehead softly. He pulled away from her and walked to the door.
The warmth of his lips lingered on her forehead.
“I’ll come by another time for that tour,” he said, before leaving and shutting the door behind him.
Bell exhaled roughly, as though she had been holding her breath without even realizing it. Her hand reached up to touch her chest, feeling the intense pounding of her heart. With her other hand, she fanned herself, feeling very warm all of a sudden.
‘This fool runs from a game of flirtation, but then leaves me hot and bothered by a kiss to the forehead!’ she laughed at herself. ‘Definitely dangerous.’
Pushing off the bookshelf she walked back to her desk, sitting down she pulled open the drawer. She reached in and grabbed the journal.
“Sorry Mom and Dad, a conversation about your death should not in any way lead to those kinds of feelings…”
Bell turned the book over in her hands, touching the cover gently. She opened it and flipped through the pages. She remembered watching her mother taking notes, writing down experiment results, failures, tips.
She could still remember the way her hair always fell over her eyes when she was focused on taking down her notes.
The old familiar ache in her arm returned, she quickly put the journal back in the drawer, closing it. Bell leaned forward, laying her head on the desk, she stretched her arms down towards the ground letting them hang.
She took deep breaths and tried to relax her body until the ache retreated.
A sound came from the door handle, she sat up quickly with a smile already on her face.
‘Is he back?’ she wondered with too much excitement.
The door opened and Bell was surprised to see not Galen, but Selene.
“Hey lady,” Bell said, cocking her head to the side, it was strange to see her here. “I am such a popular girl today, to what do I owe this surprise?”
“Jackson is an idiot,” Selene said, slumping down into the chair Galen had sat in not ten minutes before.
Bell leaned back in her chair.
“Hmmm. Ok, I am going to need more information. I don’t want to walk into one of those traps where I agree with you, but you get mad because I talked trash about your boyfriend. Or where I don’t agree with you, and then you get mad at me for defending him.”
Selene gave Bell a scoff and an indignant look.
“Say you’ve never done that, I dare you,” Bell replied to the look.
“Fine.” Selene sighed. “Jackson was mad—”
“He’s been like that a lot lately,” Bell interrupted, thinking back over the past month.
“Yea,” Selene said, the anger she felt starting to dissipate.
It wasn’t just her he had changed around. Others were seeing it. She couldn’t even explain that it wasn’t his fault, it was hers. They had sworn to keep it secret. She didn’t want to break her word to Jackson.
“So, what was it?” Bell asked.
“What?”
“The fight? What was Jackson an idiot about?”
“Oh,” Selene said, shaking her head to refocus, “he was mad about the trip to Summer. We got into a fight before we each left, and I never got a chance to tell him I was going. So, he was mad and jealous. Making dumb assumptions about me and them.”
“Them?” Bell asked.
“Summer wolves,” Selene said, keeping the particular wolf to herself.
“Wait, so when you say jealous, you mean like he was thinking you were cheating or something?” Bell asked, leaning forward over the desk.
“Yes,” Selene said. “Then he was just saying stupid stuff without any proof.”
“Like what?”
Selene sighed, looking back to make sure the door was closed she leaned forward keeping her voice low.
“He claims that someone told him there are reports of Summer using Fae magic.”
“Really?” Bell questioned. “That would be insane if it was true. But did he see those reports?”
“Not that I know of.”
“Then he better keep that to himself,” Bell said, shaking her head as she leaned back in her chair. “If Summer as a pack has a fault it’s their insane devotion to their honor. An accusation like that could lead to war.”
“I know, that’s what I said,” Selene replied.
“Oh, Goddess!” Bell suddenly gasped, bringing a hand to her mouth.
“What?” Selene sat forward, concerned.
“I just thought, what if Galen heard him say something like that… that would be…”
Bell trailed off, each of them giving a knowing look. Both women had gotten to know Galen to some degree, and both were aware of his loyalty. If he heard the accusations Jackson had made to Selene the night before, it would be his duty to defend his alpha and his pack.
Selene sighed. She didn’t know how to convince Jackson that there was nothing to the rumors, or to ease his mind on her choice. Was it even possible to make him understand?
“Selene?” Bell called to her.
“Hmm?” Selene responded absently.
“Are you ok?”
“Yea,” Selene said, “of course.”
“You know you can tell me anything right? Even if it’s embarrassing, or it feels wrong, or anything. Don’t hold everything in.” Bell offered.
Selene smiled. “I know, Bell.”
They sat around for another few minutes in comfortable silence with chit chat here and there. They each had something weighing on them, being in each other’s presence, was calming. But soon, Bell needed to return to her patients.
As they left the room, planning to go in opposite directions, Bell had one more thought to share with Selene.
“I told you before, the mate bond isn’t perfect. The Goddess may have her reasons, and maybe the wolf part of us is perfect for each mate, but the mate bond is not infallible. And marking each other, that bond is for life, breaking it can kill you both.”
“What are you trying to say, Bell,” Selene said, her heart picking up.
“I’m not trying to say anything. I am just reminding you, everything in your life is your choice.”
“The mate bond is a blessing from the Goddess,” Selene replied halfheartedly.
“Yeah, but she must have left an out for a reason.” Bell smiled back.
Her smile was always so full of life, it was contagious, irritating even. But the smile on her face at this moment was sad. Selene remembered the night of the sleepover, when they had briefly talked about the mate bond. The sadness she had seen in her eyes, it was this sadness. Bell started to walk away.
“Bell,” Selene called after her, “when are you going to tell me what’s really going on with you?”
Bell looked back at Selene, for just a moment she didn’t hide the sadness, but then the smile came back.
“You first,” Bell replied, with one last genuine smile before walking away.









Chapter 52 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
The representatives had been around for several days now, and Selene had returned to her regular duty rotations. Because the sections of training had already been planned out and she should have been training with Alexander, there was little else for her to do. She was only able to help in some of the sparring sessions but not much beyond that.
Jackson had at least two training sessions each day, one for scouting and another for ranged combat. Both involved long treks through the forest. Because of this, it had been easy for Selene to avoid him after they had fought about the claims of Summer using fae magic. He had reached out to her several times, but she chose to be the one to ignore him this time.
Returning to her training routine, patrolling, and regular pack duties, she felt comfortable again. No strange impulses, no invading desires. She could breathe without worry. Still, a part of her missed her time in Summer.
The warmth on her skin, the beautiful colors of nature beyond snowy white. The simulations offered a true challenge to her skill set. But, when Selene thought too long about it, she realized that she could see herself in Summer, growing, becoming something. She clenched her jaw and shook the thoughts away.


Selene sighed as she checked the last border post on her patrol. She thought about the day that she and Jackson had been attacked, how they had been ambushed. If their border fences had an electric reinforcement or even a monitoring system beyond the patrolman’s watch, it could have been avoided.
‘We have offered Alpha Wyatt a multitude of technological advancements over the years. Unfortunately, he has rejected most of them. And over the past couple years, every one of them.’
Alexander’s words suddenly resonated in her mind.
“There has to be an explanation,” she whispered to herself. “I need to know.”
Selene turned, intent on finding out the truth from her father. However, she was surprised to find herself face to face with the pale blue eyes that had always made her heart flutter.
Anxiety clutched at her heart, she turned to walk away.
“Selene, please!” he called after her, his voice filled with hurt.
It upset her to hear it. Selene wanted to stay mad, to avoid another argument. But hearing the pain in his voice, all she wanted to do was comfort him.
Jackson came to her, stepping close but still giving her space.
“I’m so sorry, Selene,” he said softly.
She looked up at him. He looked rough. She had already heard that he had been to the bar several times, at least once he had to be carried home. While she had been concerned, she also felt disappointed. He had never been this way before; she began to wonder if this was what their future would be like?
Would he run off to the bar every time they fought? Would he suspect every man she spoke with of being a rival? Would he continue to pick fights with Alexander even after they were married?
These were the thoughts that had been on an endless loop in her mind since their argument. Ever since Bell had reminded her, she had a choice.
“Can we talk?” Jackson asked, “Please?”
Selene looked up at him again, his eyes were red-rimmed, and the bags underneath showed he had barely slept in days. He was worn out. Seeing him this way, her heart ached.


She nodded.
They sat together on a nearby log. Jackson took a deep breath before turning to face Selene.
“I was out of line,” he began, looking back down at the ground. “I shouldn’t have talked to you the way I did. I should have stayed calm and listened. But I wanted to believe what I was told, so I didn’t listen to you.”
“Why would you want to believe that one of the packs would be using fae magic?” Selene asked.
“No, I wanted to believe that he was.” Jackson sighed.
“Why?” she asked again. There had to be more to it than simple jealousy.
Jackson met her eyes, and she could see the tears that were already filling them. She gasped at the sight. His brows furrowed in a painful expression, and then he looked away.
“Because, Selene, if he was using magic. If he was manipulating you, then it wasn’t real,” his voice was tired.
She wondered when the last time he slept was.
“I wasn’t trying to make you hate him or think he was a bad guy. Yea, I wouldn’t be sad if you did, but that wasn’t what it was about,” he sighed. “I just wanted a way to explain why you feel something for him, a way that wasn’t real.”
He stood up, hugging himself and pacing back and forth as he spoke.
“Before I met you, I never felt anything for anyone like that. I didn’t have crushes. I didn’t think of any of the girls in the south as more than just packmates.”
He took a breath.
“But the day I got here, it felt different, the air, the sound, the smell, everything was better. I didn’t know why as we got closer and closer to your house, I felt happier, more comfortable, excited. I didn’t know until I laid eyes on you.”
Jackson turned to her and stopped moving. He smiled, the same beautiful and loving smile she had cherished for two years. The warmth of him, of their bond, spread through her entire being.
“I felt like I was home,” he smiled, “You are my home, Selene. You are my heart, my everything.”
He sat down beside her once more. He took the risk of reaching for her hand.
A tear rolled down her cheek, and she sniffed as the suddenness of her own emotions overwhelmed her. Finally, she reached out the rest of the way and took his hand in her.
He smiled, and his tears fell.
“Baby, I am so sorry,” he whispered. “I know I haven’t treated you the way you deserve for a while now, not just this fight. All the fights, all the jealousy. You don’t deserve that.”
“I understand,” Selene whispered, reaching her hand out to his cheek.
He smiled and leaned into her hand.
“You don’t,” he let out a sad laugh. “I know you try, but you don’t understand. You can’t.”
She didn’t know what to say how to respond. All she could do was tilt her head in confusion.
“Selene, I know you have had a hard time with all of this. I can’t begin to imagine what you’re feeling, how you’re handling it all. But you can’t see my side either.”
He kissed the palm of her hand before pulling back and turning his body towards her. He held her hand in his as he spoke.
“As different as all the packs are, our beliefs, our way of life, our culture. There is one truth we all share. The mate bond,” he stated. “Every pack acknowledges the bond as a blessing from the Goddess herself, one mate for each of us. So even if we don’t find them, we know they’re out there.
Personally, I never put too much thought into it. Like I said, I had no interest in anyone before I met you. And maybe because of that, I knew immediately without a shadow of a doubt that it was you and nobody else. Just you.”
“I knew it too,” Selene said softly.
“But not anymore,” he added sadly.
“That’s not—”
“No Selene, that is it,” he smiled, “because even if you choose me, even if you tell me that I am the one you want to be with. It’s not the same.”
He gave her a comforting squeeze of her hand, a small smile. But every action was veiled in a layer of sorrow.
“I don’t understand,” she said, her voice beginning to crack ever so slightly.
Selene felt tired.
The pit in her stomach had long ago become a black hole. Sucking away all the light and joy she felt, leaving behind only panic and dread.
“It’s not the same because I can’t understand what you feel. I can’t understand sharing this,” he pointed back and forth between them, “with anybody else. Just you, only you. Always.”
His voice cracked, and he took a deep breath. The tears were falling now. There was no more holding them back. Instead, he let the emotions run over him.
“But you can,” he said painfully, his eyes glistening from the tears that continued to flow.. “And that kills me.”









Chapter 53 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
From the time they were pups, every werewolf was told about the great blessing of the Goddess.
One mate for every wolf. One perfect match, a shared bond for just the two of you. A guarantee of love and acceptance from another person in the world.
Of course, there was no guarantee that you would find that person, only that they exist.
This was the story every pup knew.


A story that Jackson didn’t care that much about as he grew up. What did it matter to him if he found his mate? He felt nothing towards the girls he knew or the boys, for that matter.
If not for the love and affection he felt towards his parents and two younger sisters, he might have believed he was incapable of feeling anything at all.
He was driven by his success, his wins, and his losses. He worked harder than anyone else around him to prove what he was worth. His exceptional agility made it easy to maneuver the terrain and learn to use the trees to get around. A natural marksman, Jackson quickly became one of the best scouts in the southern territory.
When he was eighteen, his father pulled him aside. He told him that Alpha Wyatt had decided to strengthen the northern scouting parties by reinforcing from the south. He said that being selected for this would mean that Jackson would have greater access to Alpha Wyatt and his son Axel, the future alpha.
If he could prove his worth to them in the future, he could potentially be selected as Axel’s beta.
Jackson worked harder than ever before until he proved himself to his fellow scouts and was selected as one of four to go north. He said goodbye to his family, expecting to return one day and take his father’s place as Beta and lead the south.
That was all Jackson had ever dreamt about, all he had ever hoped for. To earn his place and prove his worth.
But his arrival in the north turned his world upside down in an instant.
As he stepped out of the car, a faint scent danced through his senses. It was both sweet and salty, light and luscious. He swallowed hard as his heart began to race.
There was an excitement like he had never experienced before growing inside of him, and he didn’t know why.
It was the same feeling he got when jumping through the trees. He felt free and scared. Like he could fly, but gravity might pull him crashing down at any second.
He had never spent any time in the north. He didn’t know his way around. But he left the car and ran, knowing, somehow, exactly where he meant to go.
The scent grew more robust, and the anticipation was driving him crazy. Then, finally, he felt something, a tug, a pull inside of him. He knew something was waiting for him on the other end.
He was close. Jackson knew when he was suddenly hit with a wave of intense heat. He had to stop to catch his breath, not from the running, but from the powerful feeling that poured over his body like an electric storm building up, preparing to strike him down.
He pushed past the sensation turning a corner, and then stopped suddenly.


Her back was to him. Her honey-blonde hair was pulled up in knots and braids. She wore training leathers; her figure spoke to him in a way that made him blush. She was practicing throwing knives. Finally, her hand stopped, the knife she held falling to the ground.
Jackson felt a low and unfamiliar growl rising from his gut. She turned slowly. The world around him had almost completely stopped. It was agonizing. Then, finally, their eyes met. All that he felt, all the excitement, the electricity, the heat came out of him in that low unfamiliar growl, and he let out the breath he was surprised to be holding.
Jackson smiled at her, and she at him. And in that smile, he felt something else. He felt a warmth settling in his heart. Comfort and joy in her eyes. He had found his mate; he had found his home.
He had never even considered anyone else. He couldn’t. And now he knew the reason why. Because Selene was meant for him, she was waiting for him. The only one he cared about, the only one he wanted.
He wasn’t a selfish man. He didn’t need to be the next Beta anymore; he didn’t need to be the best scout. He didn’t even need to claim her entirely. He wanted to, dear Goddess, he wanted to. But he could wait. All he needed was her. Just her.
He was filled with joy simply by being near her for two years. Breathing the air, she breathed, holding her hand, kissing her lips.
Until the moment she had said those words, the moment she told him it wasn’t just him. After that, everything changed. He kept showing up. Kept getting involved in her life, and she didn’t stop him.
Jackson had a hard time understanding why she didn’t stop him, why she kept letting him in. But then he remembered everything he felt for her initially, how strong it was, how intense everything felt. Even a glance from her was enough to make him groan with painful pleasure. So, he wondered, was that feeling being shared with Alexander now?
Did she feel that for Alexander?
Selene was his everything, his whole world. How could his whole world be taken from him so easily?
“It kills me, Selene,” he whispered through pained tears, “it hurts so much.”
He pounded at his chest as he spoke, showing her where it hurt while trying to make it stop.
“I don’t want to feel this way. I don’t want to be jealous or mean. I want to give you everything, shower you with my love and affection, and always make you smile. But everything just hurts, so much.”
He fell to his knees in the snow. Then, laying his forearms on the ground, he hunched over sobbing.
‘He needs me,’ she thought. ‘Oh, Jackson, I wish you would have talked to me sooner.’
Selene cried. She hugged herself and brought her hand to her mouth to cover the sobs that tried to escape her lips.
‘I knew he was having a hard time, that he was sad and jealous. But, oh Goddess,’ she thought to herself painfully, ‘how could you do this to us!’
She cursed the Goddess in her mind as she watched the man she loved crumble to pieces. Selene stifled another cry, breathing in through her nose. Ordering herself to get in control. She wiped away her tears and swallowed down her emotions.
Selene got down on her knees beside him and pulled him to her chest. She hugged him close and rubbed his back. She tried to calm him, hushing him softly. Jackson wrapped his arms around her waist and sobbed into her chest. Letting out all the sadness and pain he was feeling.
“It’s ok,” she whispered. “It’s ok.”
She kissed the top of his head and petted his hair, a stabbing in her heart was all she allowed to escape from the vault in which she had placed the memory of her full moon with Alexander.
‘Jackson is the one I love. He loves me more than anyone has ever loved anyone before.’ She thought angrily, ‘the Goddess was cruel to play these games with us. But I won’t play anymore. Jackson is my one and only mate!’
“I’m sorry,” Jackson whispered through his tears.
“Ssshh,” Selene whispered, running her fingers through his hair softly. “You’re right. I can’t understand what you are going through. I am so sorry, my love. But I promise you are it for me. You are my mate. I love you and only you.”
Jackson hugged her tightly, and Selene smiled.
‘How could I have ever thought differently?’
She kissed the top of his head, smiling with affection.
Jackson laid his head down against her chest, listening to her heartbeat, a Cheshire cat smile on his face.









Chapter 54 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Since the beginning of the werewolf’s existence, rogue wolves have been a problem. Wolves that ignored the call of the pack, the blessings of the Goddess. These were almost entirely feral creatures. They had submitted to the wolf in them, giving in to the primal urges and instincts.
Each of the four major packs had always been responsible for keeping rogues around their territory in line. Or at the very least away from the human regions.
This was why it was so strange to see the rogues had been able to organize themselves and grow their numbers enough to attack the major packs.
The attacks on Summer were different than they had been before. The first wave, which had been against every pack, had been random and aggressive. Not very well organized or effective.


But when Alexander made his way home, he found a whole different story to the newest round of attacks.
The rogues who attacked now were brutal. They ran straight into combat, no hiding, no scouting. Their numbers had grown as well. By the time one had been taken down, two more sprang up in his place. Each one was meaner and more aggressive than the last.
The attacks, at first, appeared random. But on closer inspection, they had avoided most of the identified weak points along the borders. Moreover, the only two weak points targeted had been hit by a significantly smaller attack party than any other. Suggesting they already knew about them.
But the strangest thing of all wasn’t the numbers, attack patterns, or even their heightened aggression. No, the most bizarre thing was that these rogues, when killed, would melt.
Their bodies, just moments after hitting the ground, would start to bubble and warp until they liquified themselves into a foul-smelling puddle. All attempts to gather some of this ooze for study had failed. It seemed to be highly corrosive. Everything they used to try and collect samples would also melt.
None of it made any sense.
“How are they doing it? Where are they coming from?!” Alexander shouted angrily at himself, throwing the report on his desk, papers flying everywhere.
He sighed heavily as he bent down to collect the strewn papers. After gathering them all in a messy pile, he placed them on his desk. His eyes fell on the brand-new laptop.
When Alexander had first arrived from Winter, the reports he received had been distressing. In his anger, he had thrown his laptop into the wall once again. Without Galen, he was forced to request a replacement himself. It took half a day of filling out paperwork, setting up passwords, biometric scans, verifying file transfers, and so much more.
After the experience, he requested reports on the attacks be brought to him on paper.
There was also an apology gift left in Galen’s room.
Alexander finished reorganizing the papers, he poured himself a drink. Finally, he sat on his couch, laying his head back and taking a deep breath.
‘None of this makes any sense,’ he thought to himself before taking a sip of his drink. He hated unanswered questions, and he had many about his current situation.
He had hoped to come home and settle everything within a day or two. But it had already been a week, and the attacks were still happening. They had eased off for two days, during which time his wolves had reinforced damaged borders, treated the wounded, and tried to study the black pools left behind from the dead rogues.
But on the third day, they appeared almost out of nowhere, unseen by the scouts. They attacked without hesitation and annihilated one of the science teams sent to try and collect a sample. Five of his wolves, dead in moments. They weren’t even soldiers.


Since that day, there had been no break in the attacks.
They had already lost at least fifteen. The rogues had lost many more but seemed to be unaffected by it. His war council had refused his request to join the fight. All agreed that there was a greater force behind the wolves, likely waiting for Alexander’s appearance on the battlefield.
They argued for well over an hour about the decision, and Alexander had made up his mind to simply ignore them and do what needed to be done. Until Fiona joined the meeting.
Fiona had served on the war council as Luna for over twenty years; she was an experienced fighter and a strategist. But, after the death of Alpha Cain, she had pulled away from command entirely. So, her being here was a surprise, to say the least.
“I am here today for one reason,” she said, “because I know my son.”
Fiona smiled at Alexander. He did not return the smile, knowing full well she meant to argue against him. But he refused to budge. No matter what she had to say, he would not back down.
“Alexander, I know you want to fight. You want to run out onto the battlefield and destroy the enemy before they have any more chance of hurting our people.”
“If you know, then stand aside,” he answered gruffly.
Fiona smiled again, though he snapped at her; she felt a significant pride for him.
“I am proud of you and your fierce loyalty to our people,” she said, “but what of theirs?”
He looked up at her, confused by her words.
“Your people love and cherish you as much as you do them, perhaps even more,” she smiled. “What are they to do if you go out into the battle and walk directly into a trap?”
He turned away, he knew what she meant, but it didn’t matter. His people were dying, and he needed to stop it.
“Trust in your wolves, Alexander. They have all trained; they have all earned their place on that field.”
“Have I not?” Alexander asked.
“Every wolf of Summer knows beyond a doubt that you would tear the enemy limb from limb. No one doubts your ability or your strength. Keeping you from the battlefield is not about doubt. It is about strategy.”
“There is no strategy to it!” Alexander shouted. “We don’t even know who the great enemy behind the rogues is! Or if they will even appear. All we are doing by holding me back is prolonging this fight!”
“The most important part of any battle, Alexander, is keeping your soldiers going,” Fiona said, her voice a calm fury. “You should know this. It’s basic.”
“What are you talking about?” Alexander asked. He was angry; he was frustrated. Alexander knew she had a point, but he didn’t want to see it. He wanted to be right. He wanted to fight.
Fiona sighed.
“After two years, this pack is still grieving the loss of their alpha. They are not prepared to lose another!” Fiona shouted.
Alexander looked at her face. He saw the anger and the fear. He looked to the rest of the war council, and for the first time, he saw it there too. They were afraid. Not of the rogue wolves, not of the battle. Of the risk of losing another alpha.
Alexander was a direct descendant of the Alpha that founded Summer. It was unique amongst the four packs. His was the only family line that had maintained the rite of Alpha through the generations.
The wolves of Summer loved and honored every Alpha that came before him. His family line was revered. And he was the last of it. If he died today, there was no one to take his place.
Alexander sighed.
“I’m sorry,” he said, “I didn’t think it through.”
When the council had cleared out, satisfied by his agreement to stay off the field, only Fiona stayed back.
“Alexander, we all know a war is coming. We can see it; we can feel it. But the enemy hasn’t revealed himself yet. When he does, we all know we can’t hold you back. You will see battle; you will fight for Summer,” her voice shook.
Fiona stepped close, leaning against her walking stick. She reached a hand to his cheek with a teary smile.
“Until then, please, do not be in a rush to join your father.”
The tears fell, and she let out a soft sob. Alexander hugged her close.
“I won’t, Mother, I promise.”









Chapter 55 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“Why haven’t we done this before?” Selene laughed, opening her mouth as Jackson fed her a slice of kiwi fruit.
Jackson laughed, hearing her make a joyful sound as she ate the fruit.
“Where did you get this anyway?” she asked, reaching for a napkin to wipe away the excess juice from her lips.
“Let me,” Jackson said, stopping her hand before it reached her lips.


He reached his hand behind her neck and pulled her towards him as he leaned forward, kissing her lips softly.
“Delicious,” he whispered as he pulled away and licked his lips.
Selene gave an embarrassed chuckle as she still brought the napkin to her mouth, biting it to calm herself.
She looked around at the picnic he had laid out for them. There were meats and cheeses, fruits of such a large variety she couldn’t identify most of them. It was way too much food for just the two of them, but it made the moonlight picnic that much more luxurious.
“Seriously, where did this come from? I have never seen some of these fruits,” she asked, picking up a small square of white with black seeds. She took a bite. It was good, almost like a pear.
Jackson laughed.
“That’s a dragon fruit,” he smiled proudly, “and as to where I got it, well, I made some friends in Spring. They were more than happy to send over some of their spoils.”
“My, oh my, aren’t you the resourceful one.” Selene smiled, taking another piece of the dragon fruit.
“Anything for you,” Jackson said softly, giving her a tender smile.
She blushed and turned away. The breeze picked up, sending a cold chill through her. She pulled at the blanket gathered around her waist, trying to bring it up to her shoulders for warmth.
Jackson scooted close to her and wrapped his arms around her. The action blocked her from pulling the blanket up, but it did keep her warm.
She looked up at him, an unspoken question.
“What?” he smiled. “I’m cold too.”
She laughed and leaned into him affectionately. Then, they returned to chatting and eating their fruit. Once they had their fill, Jackson suggested they go for a walk.
Selene felt as though the night sky with its millions of tiny lights and the glow of the Goddess looking down on them was a sign of a turning point in their recent struggles. She felt more at ease with Jackson, and her heart, than she had in what seemed like an eternity.


She looked up at him with a loving smile. He glanced down at her and returned it. Sealing it with a warm kiss.
***
Moonlight picnics, walks, even an afternoon hike into the mountains. It had only been ten days since their return to Winter, and Jackson was pulling out all the stops to spend quality time with Selene.
She couldn’t remember when they had ever had so much fun together.
“This week has been amazing.” Selene smiled as he held her in his arms.
They had just returned from their hike, six hours in the mountains. The sun was setting now. She was exhausted and looking forward to a long hot bath.
“For me too, Baby,” Jackson replied, leaning down to peck her lips, once, twice, three times.
She giggled, pulling away slightly. Jackson gave chase, capturing her lips once more. The soft, quick pecks turned into a long, tender kiss. They pulled away, each needing to catch their breath.
“As nice as this is,” she said with a pleased smile, “I need to get into a bath asap.”
Jackson leaned forward, pressing his forehead against hers and pulling her body towards him. Instinctively she put her hands against his chest to stop the movement.
“I wish I could join you,” he growled.
Selene chuckled awkwardly, pushing him gently away. His gaze remained on her. She couldn’t help but notice; his eyes seemed a little different. A little wild, maybe.
“I think maybe we each need a cold shower, separately,” she smiled, trying to make a joke of the situation.
He looked away for a moment and then back again. Finally, he smiled, the look in his eyes returning to the affectionate warmth Selene recognized.
“I think you might be right,” he laughed. “I’ll see you tomorrow.”
“Not tomorrow,” she replied, “tomorrow I am checking in with the representatives on attack formations and throwing weapons. Then, in the evening, I have plans with my father.”
He had turned to leave, but Selene’s words stopped him in his tracks. He turned back to her with a confused expression.
“What for?” he asked.
“What do you mean?” Selene replied.
“I mean, why are you checking on the representatives? I thought you didn’t have a role anymore,” he said.
“Well,” Selene started, “I mean, I do still have a role. Whenever Alexander returns, I still have to train him. That hasn’t changed. As far as tomorrow, I don’t technically have a role in their training, but I can still help out. After all, Galen taught me a lot while I was in Summer, even though it wasn’t technically his role either.”
Jackson did not respond. He looked away from her. She got the distinct impression he was angry.
“Why? Is there a reason I can’t do that?” she asked.
“Of course not,” Jackson replied, “I just didn’t know, that’s all.”
“Ok…”
They were quiet. An awkwardness hung in the air between them.
“Sorry.” Grange sighed finally.
“For what?” Selene asked.
“I’m trying, I promise,” he began, “but it’s not easy. I’m going to get jealous, nervous, scared even.”
Selene reached her hand out to him; he took it, and she squeezed it.
“It’s ok,” she smiled, “as long as you’re telling me and not just getting mad or blaming me.”
“I don’t want to lose you, Selene. I promise I will work hard to prove that to you and make sure you always know what you mean to me.”
“I know, Jackson, I do,” she said. “So, can you tell me what it was that upset you about me working with the representatives?”
He squeezed her hand and pulled her with him as he moved towards the stairs leading up to her back porch. He sat down, and she sat beside him.
“It’s not that exactly. I mean, it is, but it’s that beta,”
“Galen?” she asked.
“Yea.”
“You’re jealous of Galen?” Selene asked, finding it hard to believe. “You know him and Bell have some kind of thing going on, right? I mean, obviously, I have no interest, but neither does he.”
“It’s not that,” Jackson replied. “He just rubs me the wrong way. I understand loyalty to the alpha. I would do anything for Alpha Wyatt or Axel… So, I guess maybe it’s just… I worry what he would do for Alpha Alexander.”
“I don’t understand,” she said. She truly meant it; she couldn’t figure out what exactly Jackson was implying.
“I don’t know either. I just feel like Galen might be up to something,” he said. “Listen, I don’t want to repeat it, so don’t ask. But he said some pretty aggressive things to me at the campsite. I just haven’t felt comfortable around him since.”
“Are you saying Galen threatened you?” Selene asked, shocked by the idea.
“Kind of, yea. He did,” Jackson answered.
“Really?” she asked, “that’s not like him at all.”
“How well can you know the guy, Selene? You met him a couple of times over a couple of months. How do you know what he’s really like?”
‘He has a point,’ she thought to herself, ‘it just seems so strange. I can’t imagine Galen threatening someone without good reason.’
“Maybe I’m just overthinking it,” Jackson smiled, “forget I said anything.”
He reached out and touched her cheek. She smiled for him, and he quickly pecked her lips once more before pulling away. He waved goodbye and left.
Selene watched him leave until he was out of view entirely. As she entered the house, she couldn’t help but wonder if he was right.. She had found it strange that Galen stayed behind when Summer was attacked. Was it possible he had a hidden agenda?









Chapter 56 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“Oh, hello. Do I know you?” Bell asked, a smile on her face as she circled the man that had walked into her office. “You look familiar. But I just can’t seem to remember your name… Jon? No, George? No… hmm… I just don’t know.”
She sighed dramatically, tapping her index finger to her chin as though she were thinking hard about who he was. Finally, she walked back to her chair, dropping into it and leaning forward on her desk, staring at him with a smile.
Galen let out a light chuckle. He truly enjoyed her playful attitude.
“How could you forget this face?” he replied with a gesture of his hands toward his face and a wink.


“Oh no, the face I remember,” she said suggestively with a slight wiggle of her eyebrows, “the name escapes me. Must not have left much of an impression.”
“Oh, ok, now you’re just trying to hurt my feelings,” Galen laughed, “I’m sorry. I meant to come by the day after I saw you last, but Saul has kept me very busy.”
“Oh Saul,” sighed Bell, waving her fist to the air as though she were threatening him from afar.
“He’s a good guy,” Galen said, “very dedicated to his work. But a good guy.”
“He is,” Bell agreed. “His mate, Pearl, is one of my nurses. She’s great too. A little slow these days, but that can’t be helped.”
Galen gave her a look of confusion.
“The extra weight?” Bell said as though it explained everything.
“The waddle? Being out to here now,” she added, placing her hands as far out in front of her as she could reach.
Galen still seemed oblivious; she rolled her eyes.
“Dude! She’s pregnant. Ready to pop at any moment, pregnant.”
“Oh!” Galen responded, finally.
“Oh, good, you aren’t deaf, just dumb.” Bell laughed.
Galen rolled his eyes but still let out a light chuckle.
“That’s wonderful. I am sure Saul will be a good father,” Galen said, thinking about the idea for a moment.
He imagined Saul going from room to room of his home. Babyproofing all the corners and dangerous places and then crawling on the ground pretending to be a baby just in case he missed anything. Galen giggled at the image.


“Yea, they’re good people, they’re lucky, the kid’s lucky too,” Bell smiled.
Galen looked up at her. The smile she wore was beautiful. It held a tenderness she didn’t show very often. Seeing it made him want to reach out to her.
“Do you want that?” Galen asked softly, without a thought. “Family, with a mate and a child?”
Bell looked up at him before quickly turning away. But at that moment, when their eyes met, he saw a flash of pain that he couldn’t forget.
‘Why did I ask that?’ he chastised himself.
Finding your mate was a sensitive topic for any wolf. Knowing there was someone meant for you out there, but you might never meet them. Although it wasn’t something he understood the way others did, still, he knew better than to ask. He felt too comfortable with her. Being careful of his words took effort.
“Nah, I like my freedom too much!” she laughed.
He looked back at her. She was playful once more, though her eyes were guarded. Galen turned away.
“So, how about that tour?” he asked softly.
“No time like the present,” she replied, standing and heading for the door.
They walked out the door together with a distance between them that hadn’t been there moments ago.
***
“So, what is your specialty?” Galen asked as they sat back down in her office.
Bell had taken him around the hospital and back in roughly half an hour. It was no more or less than he had expected.
With how Winter chose to operate, their medical capabilities were minimal. So restrictive to many of the technological advancements offered by Summer or human interaction. It left them at a distinct disadvantage. But they were as prepared as they could be with what they had, and their team worked well together.
Galen had asked questions everywhere they went about the staff, the equipment, about emergency procedures. He had tried to find ways to sneak in questions about treatments of poisons, venoms, accidental or intentional.
Bell’s answers were very standard procedure. It wasn’t like she was hiding anything, more like there was nothing more to add.
In the end, he really hadn’t gotten very far in his search for information on the wolfsbane that had been used.
“My specialty?” she asked. “Hmm, that’s a good question.”
Bell turned in her chair, spinning and looking up at the ceiling as she thought about it.
“You don’t know your specialty?” Galen asked.
She stopped the chair as it faced the wall to the right of him. Then, looking at him over her shoulder, she gave him a brief shrug.
“It’s not that I don’t know so much as it’s that I don’t have one,” she answered, turning her chair back to face him. “We all work together, more general medicine than anything. Sure, some of us tend to migrate towards cases that we are better at or prefer. But we aren’t divided up into specializations. Honestly, there aren’t enough of us to do that.”
“Then what about specific care? Psychiatry? Emergency medicine? Or obstetrics even. What happens if there is a complicated surgery?” Galen asked, surprised by what she said.
The Summer medical program was top-notch. Not only were they specialized, but they also had their own buildings and research labs to advance their studies and technologies.
“Well, honestly, psychiatry is still pretty much a ‘pray to the Goddess for guidance’ situation up here in Winter,” she replied with a dissatisfied look. “Emergency medicine, well….”
Bell made a show of dusting off her shoulders and straightening her scrub top.
“I do most trauma or emergency medicine and surgeries. Surgery in general, me and two others are up first. But who takes the lead depends on what kind of surgery it is. Most bone repairs are not my forte.”
Her eyes moved up as though she were really thinking about the rest of her answer.
“Obstetrics…” her face contorted into a sort of grimace, “yuck.”
Galen couldn’t help the laugh that escaped his lips.
“What!” she called out, throwing a sticky notepad at him. “It’s gross! Yea, ok new life, miracle, amazing, ooh ahh yea yea… it’s still a gross process. I’m allowed to not like it.”
“I didn’t say anything….” Galen smiled.
“Uh-huh,” she squinted her eyes at him.
“What about prescriptions, long-term care, accidental poisonings, things like that?” Galen asked, changing the topic and trying to glean some information once more.
Bell smiled.
“Things like that?” she asked.
“Yea,” he said innocently.
“Galen, what exactly—”
The door to her office burst open wide, startling them both. On the other side of the door was a wide-eyed and winded Saul.
“Saul, are you ok?” Galen asked, jumping up from his chair.
“Have a seat Saul, tell us what’s going on,” Bell said, coming around the desk and pulling a stethoscope from her pocket.
Saul waved his hand at her and shook his head.
“No, you…” he gasped, “you need to come….”
“Is someone hurt?” Bell asked quickly. She turned to Galen and pointed, “Galen, grab my bag. It’s just behind my desk there.”
Galen quickly stepped around the desk and pulled up a small duffle bag, handing it to Bell.
“Ok, Saul, who is it? What happened?” Bell asked.
“Not hurt, we need to go….” Saul said. He stood up straight and tried to take a deep breath.
“There ya go, big guy, nice calming breath,” Bell said quietly. “Now, what’s going on?”
“She said she trusts you most,” Saul answered, “and you owe her.”
“Huh?” Bell asked, truly confused.
“Pearl,” he answered.
Bell gasped, and her eyes widened. She took a step back from him, shaking her head. “No…”
“Pearl is in labor.” Saul finally said.
“Damn it!” Bell shouted angrily, pulling her bag up over her shoulder. She pushed past Saul.
Saul looked at Galen, who shrugged.
“Come on, Saul, let’s go bring your slimy little offspring into the world!” Bell shouted back from the hallway.









Chapter 57 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
For a week and a half, Selene had been enjoying her time with Jackson; they had been on moonlight picnics and walks. Had long conversations about anything and everything. It was almost like the time after the Blood Moon never happened.
She was happy. It was nice to reconnect with him… every day.
It was nice to feel so close to him… all the time.
She loved him, but he was driving her crazy.


Before, they would spend time together every day, but it wasn’t all their time. They would see each other for an hour or two most days and spend several hours together on the days they didn’t have duties.
Now, when she woke up each morning, she already had a message waiting from him. He went on her morning runs with her, to her morning sparring. He would leave for his training with the representatives throughout the day, but he would find her for lunch or breaks. They had dinner together every day and would share evenings in the moonlight.
Selene began to feel overwhelmed by his desire to always be together. She wanted just one night to herself. So, reminding him that she hadn’t seen her friends much since being back and that Renee had asked her to hang out. Selene was thrilled when Jackson had agreed, and she had thanked him for understanding.
But when Selene arrived at Renee’s house, Jackson was already waiting inside.
Her last hope for any alone time was the comfort of her usually busy schedule of training and patrolling. But even that was too much to ask.
Her duty rotation had already been divided up amongst other pack members since she was supposed to be training Alexander during this time. So, when Saul had asked Selene for help with the attack formations and the sparring sessions, she had been overjoyed.
It was clear that Jackson didn’t like the idea, but he hadn’t told her not to do it in the end. So, of course, she was glad, and the following day she woke up excited about the new activity. But, unfortunately, Saul had changed his mind.
Before she had even finished her breakfast, she received a message that they had decided on a different approach.
Selene was disappointed. She ended up spending the first part of the day by herself, which honestly gave her some peace and quiet. But by lunch, Jackson was knocking at her door. Having handed off the representatives to Saul and not seen her with them, he guessed there had been a change in plans. So, he surprised her with lunch.
Selene decided that it was as good a time as any to talk about how much time they were spending together. She playfully asked if he wasn’t afraid that they would get bored of each other.
“Bored?” he asked. He turned and looked at her.
“I just meant that we spend so much time together, we’ll run out of things to talk about, things to do,” she sighed, taking a small bite of an apple slice, as she walked over to the window looking away from him.
“I could talk to you about paint drying on the wall, and I would find it fascinating,” he said with a charming smile.
She didn’t look up, just gave a half-hearted smile that fell almost as quickly.
Jackson felt a surge of fire swell in his belly. He clenched his jaw and then swiftly pushed it away.


He smiled to himself as he moved carefully behind her. He put his hands on her shoulders; she flinched just slightly. He began to knead at the muscles in her shoulders with just enough pressure to draw a surprised gasp and a moan from her lips.
“Oh, that feels so good,” she said quietly.
He smiled to himself with pride. He continued to massage her shoulders and neck, rubbing away the knots and stress.
Selene was surprised by how good it felt when he rubbed her muscles. She didn’t even realize how tight the knots had gotten. She relaxed more, putting down the apple slice on the window sill and spreading her shoulders to give him more access to the places that ached.
Feeling her relaxation and watching her shoulders spread, inviting him to continue, he bit the inside of his lower lip. His hands moved down over her shoulders, squeezing her upper arm down to the elbow. Then, never breaking the rhythm of the massage, his hands moved back up towards the shoulder.
She rolled her head slightly. His firm grip along her shoulders and back felt amazing, but it highlighted the muscles that felt tight in her neck.
Jackson licked his lips as she leaned her head to the side, exposing her throat to him. He felt the low growl from deep within. That part of him wanted to complete the mate bond. He leaned forward and kissed her, running his tongue softly along the nape of her neck. She gasped, and the sound only made the excitement in him grow.
His thumbs pressed firmly along her shoulder blades, a particularly tight spot for her. Between the ministrations of his thumbs working the tight muscles and his mouth stimulating the sensitive bundle of nerves on her neck. She could not control her reaction and let out a shuddering breath.
Selene felt strange. The sensation of his strong hand rubbing away the tiredness and stress of her shoulders was relaxing her. His hot breaths against her throat were stirring the flames within her.
Jackson smiled against her skin. Then, feeling encouraged, his hands worked down the shoulder blades and to her sides, creeping under her arms. He kissed along her neck as she drew ragged breaths. He opened his mouth and then bit down on her neck just as his hands covered her breasts. He groped her roughly, pressing her body against his.
She cried out.
Selene felt a swirl of emotions. Confusion, panic, pleasure, pain. His hands were squeezing her breasts forcefully, and he was biting down on her. While a part of her enjoyed the sensation, a more significant part of her felt scared and panicked.
‘This isn’t right,’ a small voice whispered in her mind, ‘I don’t want this.’
It was her voice. Why didn’t she recognize it?
“Jackson…”
Her voice was barely audible between heavy panting and soft moans. Jackson continued to kiss along her neck. He pulled her harder against him, and she felt his excitement pressing firmly against her butt.
“Jackson… please…” she tried desperately to speak to be heard.
“Yes, baby…” he moaned against her neck between kisses, “tell me what you want…”
One hand continued to knead at her breast, but the other moved down to her waist. He slid his hand under her shirt, moving back up toward her breast once more.
‘Stop! Stop!’ she screamed inside her mind.
His fingertips began to slide under her bra, and the panic overwhelmed her.
“Stop!” she screamed. Then, pushing against the window sill in front of her, she knocked him backward. Unfortunately, he fell against the table covered in sliced fruit in the process, sending apple slices all over the floor.
Selene’s panic overwhelmed her, and she fell to the floor. She crawled away from him toward the wall. Then, bringing her knees to her chest and she hugged them tightly, as tears poured from her eyes, streaming down her face.
“Selene, what the hell— Selene?” Jackson started to respond angrily, but he felt a cold wash over him when he looked up and saw her state.
Jackson dropped down on his hands and knees; he was shaking. He looked at her and realized she was too.
‘What happened to her?’ he thought to himself, fear and concern overriding any other thoughts he had at that moment.
“Baby…?” he called out to her, crawling in her direction slowly. When his hand got close to her foot, she turned her body away from him. Crying even harder.
He heard her soft sobs; it broke his heart.
“What have I done?” he whispered out loud.









Chapter 58 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“I’m so sorry….” Jackson whispered. His heart was aching, and he felt as though he couldn’t catch his breath. “I didn’t mean to hurt you.”
He looked up at her once more, but she still wouldn’t look at him. His lungs were shrinking. They had to be. Why else would it be so hard to breathe? What else would make his breaths so short?
“I’m sorry,” he pleaded once more before he scrambled for the door.
He pushed it hard and heard it slam shut behind him as he burst out into the cold air. He tripped on the stairs and landed in the snow. His body was on fire. The cold sting of the snow burned and soothed him all at once.


Finally, he could breathe.
He closed his eyes, and images flooded his mind, pictures of her body pressed against his as he kissed her neck, his hands on her breasts, the sound of her moans. Her eyes after she had pushed him away, tears streaming down her face.
“What is wrong with me?” he whispered to himself sadly, realizing that even her tear-stained face hadn’t reduced the intensity of his desire for her.
He rolled to his knees and crawled up from the ground, leaving before he could convince himself to go back inside and finish what he started.
***
The sound of the door slamming made Selene jump. She looked up, but no one was there. He was gone. Quickly getting to her knees, she crawled to the door and locked it.
Selene couldn’t stop the tears. The sobs that were escaping were too strong for her to control. She had been so scared, but these tears were a relief.
She was relieved he had left, that she was alone.
After another ten minutes of crying, she got herself up the stairs and into the shower. The water was cold, but she didn’t care; it kept her mind from drifting into memory. After the shower, she dressed in her most comfortable pajamas. Then, she crawled into her bed, wrapping herself in her biggest, fluffiest blanket.
Here where she felt warm and comforted, she looked back at what happened and tried to understand.
Jackson had never done anything like that before. They had kissed, held hands, hugged for long periods, cuddled each other under the moonlight. There had been a few passionate kisses, but never anything like that.
Selene reached for the drawer of her nightstand, and she pulled out a hand mirror. She pulled the blankets down to her waist and pulled her shirt down to expose her shoulder. Then, holding the mirror up, she looked at the spot where Jackson had bitten her.
Deep red and purple bruising was already well set into the skin above her clavicle. He didn’t mark her; he didn’t bite that sacred place, but he had come close.
She put the mirror down and curled herself back into the blankets once more.
‘Was I scared of being marked?’ she asked herself. ‘Is that why I panicked?’


It would have been wrong, gone against everything they believed, an insult to the Goddess. But that didn’t feel like the reason she had gotten so upset, not entirely.
Selene thought back over what had happened. Although she wanted to talk about spending some time apart, she told him they might bore each other.
‘Was he trying to prove he wasn’t boring?’ she wondered, ‘I don’t think he’s boring. I just wanted some space. I couldn’t breathe.’
The thought made her feel guilty. Jackson was her mate. He was only trying to show her how much he loved her.
‘Was that love?’ she wondered, thinking of the painful way he had grabbed at her and bitten her.
A small fragment of memory leaked into her mind, Alexander’s nose burrowing into her throat, inhaling her scent. A soft brush of his warm lips and the flick of his tongue against that sacred place.
The memory alone caused her heart to race and her breathing to quicken.
She shook her head, chasing the memory away.
Selene turned her focus back to Jackson and herself. She needed to understand. Yes, the bite had hurt, and the way he grabbed her body had hurt. But why had she panicked? Why was she so scared?
‘Some of it felt good,’ she admitted to herself, ‘I liked the way he massaged me. I liked the soft kisses along my neck.’
It wasn’t that she didn’t enjoy his touch or that she didn’t desire him. It was just that Jackson had surprised her, and his roughness had frightened her.
‘I overreacted,’ she concluded.
***
The following day, Jackson didn’t send a message. He didn’t wait at her door to join her on her morning run. He didn’t come by during lunch, and he didn’t join her for dinner.
Selene had an entire day to herself, and it brought no relief, only pain.
She tracked him two miles into the forest. He was sitting alone on the stump of a fallen tree by a small fire. He looked up as she approached, but he quickly looked away.
“You shouldn’t be here, Selene,” he called out, his voice pained.
Selene stopped. Hearing his voice made her waiver. She thought about the pain she had felt when he had bitten her and how roughly he had grabbed her. But the pain in his voice was real. So she closed her eyes and moved forward.
“Please, Selene,” he said softly as she stood beside him, “I don’t want to hurt you.”
“Then don’t,” Selene replied.
Jackson looked up at her, his confusion written plainly on his face.
Selene moved in front of him then sat down on his lap, putting her arms around his neck. Confused as he was by her actions, he still put his arms immediately around her to keep her from falling back.
She smiled down at him before leaning forward and kissing him.
Jackson was shocked, not only by the action but by the kiss itself. Selene had never been the one to take charge or make a move. Her kisses were always warm and tender, but he always deepened their kisses.
Until now.
Selene pressed her lips to his and then ran her tongue over them hesitantly. Finally, he opened his mouth for her, deepening the kiss. He responded to her with vigor. Their passionate kiss was filled with both their pain and regret of the last twenty-four hours. They held to each other until both were in desperate need of air.
Jackson looked up at her as they both panted.
“Selene, I’m so sorry about what happened. I should—” he began, interrupted as she kissed him hard once more.
He didn’t need to be told twice.
After ten minutes of tongue battles and bruised lips, Selene finally moved from his lap to sit beside him on the log. He took her hand in his and kissed it softly.
She looked down at his hand and then back up at him.
“What is it?” he asked, sensing that there was something on her mind.
Selene moved her free hand and used it to pull him into a soft and tender kiss. Her other hand lifted his and brought it to rest on top of her breast.
He pulled back from her mouth; his eyes widened as he looked down to see where his hand sat. Finally, he lifted his eyes to hers.
“Is this really ok?” he asked carefully.
“This much is,” she nodded, “gently.”
He nodded and leaned forward once more to kiss her as his hand gently massaged her breast. She moaned softly into his mouth, lighting the fire in him once more. He deepened their kiss but kept his hand moving gently.
She moved his hand as they caught their breath and looked away shyly.
“I love you, Selene,” he said with a smile, “thank you for trusting me.”
She looked into his eye and smiled. It was back. That feeling that had been steady for so long but recently had been lost between them. That sense of home.
‘I guess I did the right thing,’ she told herself.
“I love you too, Jackson,” she smiled, resting her head on his shoulder.









Chapter 59 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
After almost two weeks, the attacks on Summer had finally ceased. Alexander sat on the couch of his office with his head laid back and his eyes closed. A drink in his hand as his only companion. He was tired. During his time back home, he had barely gotten any rest.
There was little time for sleep, whether it was planning for attacks, maneuvering rescue and repair teams around active battles, or even just handling the basic goings-on of his people. The precious few hours he did get were filled with dreams.
Dreams that refreshed him until he was awake long enough to remember they were only dreams and could never be reality.
He missed her so much that it hurt.


He would return to Winter in two days, and he would see her again. Though Alexander knew and accepted that these were likely to be the last times they would share. Selene had made her choice clear. She wanted to be married and mated to Jackson.
He lifted his head and brought the drink to his lips, emptying the contents of the glass into his mouth and swallowing the burning liquid down.
‘Does she ever think of me?’ he wondered to himself.
He was sure he knew the answer, and it pained him. He sat forward, placing the glass on the coffee table in front of him. He sighed as he rested his elbows on his knees and held his head between his hands, pulling his hair slightly.
‘Have you done your duty?’ her voice called out to him.
He squeezed his eyes tightly and let out a soft, pained breath before relaxing back into the couch. Though he knew it wasn’t real, it wasn’t her. His heart ached to live in this dream, for even just this one moment.
“Yes,” he whispered.
Alexander felt her hands on his shoulders, delicate yet firm. They slid down over his chest, coming to rest over his heart, which had already quickened at her touch. Her chin found its place on his shoulder.
‘Of course, you did,’ she whispered in his ear, a smile in her voice.
He closed his eyes and turned his head slightly toward her, leaning against her. He brought his hand up and wrapped his fingers around her hand, feeling her warmth and tenderness.
“I miss you,” he whispered.
She smiled and leaned into him, her honey blonde braid falling forward over his shoulder.
‘Then come back to me,’ she whispered back to him. ‘I’m waiting.’
His heart ached.
‘I wish that were true,’ he thought to himself sadly.


Alexander brought her hand to his mouth, kissing it softly. Then, letting her go, he turned, and they locked eyes. His silver met her hazel, and she smiled. A warmth spread through his entire being at the sight.
She leaned towards him, their mouths so close he could feel the warmth of her breath. Then, just as their lips were about to touch, he squeezed his palm roughly.
Selene faded away before his eyes. The room was still and quiet as though she had never been there. Alexander leaned his head back once more and breathed a heavy sigh.
After a silent moment, he pushed himself up from the couch, grabbed his glass from the table, and walked to the small bar. He poured himself another whiskey and drank it in one swallow.
Alexander reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone. He hit one of the programmed numbers and held it to his ear as he waited for the person on the other side to answer.
“It’s Alpha Alexander,” he said, “tell Raj that the guided imagery augmentation works.”
‘Too well,’ he sighed in his mind.
“Mmhmm,” he absently answered the survey questions that always came with trying out a new system or program.
“Great, thank you,” he said as the other side was wrapping up the call.
Alexander glanced back at the couch, seeing her standing there smiling at him, reaching her hand out to him. He shook the image away.
“Wait,” he quickly added, “tell him that it might be too intuitive. Of course, we want it to be able to predict the patients’ needs, but we don’t want to create a confusing reality or build a dependency.”
The assistant asked a few more questions and ended the call.
Alexander straightened himself up and shook away the emotional weight he had allowed to settle over him. He sat down at his desk, spending the next hour reviewing the reports on the last few attacks, nothing unique. But, over the last two days of fighting, there had been fewer and less aggressive attacks against them.
One of the science teams had even found a way to collect the black ooze left behind from the dead rogues. So far, there were no conclusive results to shed any light on why it was happening, but they had only just begun their research. Nevertheless, Alexander had every confidence in his people.
As he looked over the maintenance reports, it looked like most of the border was well underway to being fully repaired. So his prediction of leaving in two days was holding firm. Short of a sudden emergency, he saw no reason he would need to put off his return any longer.
He sighed with relief as a memory of sparring with Selene played in his mind. He wanted to enjoy what little time he had left with her.
A knock at the door interrupted his memory.
“Enter,” he called out.
The door opened, and a young woman stood on the other side. Looking much more confident than the last time he had seen her.
“Little Clara,” he whispered to himself with a hidden smile. He looked back down at the papers he had been reviewing.
Clara had returned from her training in Spring with enthusiasm and excitement. She was directly placed into the Strategic Planning program as Alexander had requested. She was also put into an Intel and Reconnaissance course that she had asked about on her own.
Alexander had been pleased when he saw the request and approved it immediately.
“My Alpha,” Clara saluted him properly.
“Did you need something?” Alexander asked, keeping his eyes down.
“I have come to deliver the results of the investigation,” she answered.
He noted that she didn’t stutter or stumble over her words.
“I don’t remember assigning you any investigation,” he replied coolly.
“No sir, you didn’t,” she stated, again without a stutter or a stumble, “But the report needed to be delivered, and I volunteered.”
‘Ah, trying to show me you aren’t scared of me, huh?’ Alexander grinned behind the cover of the paper in his hand. ‘Be careful what you wish for, Little Clara.’
He let the paper he was holding drop to his desk. He sat back in his chair and raised his head. He noticed how she adjusted her posture, straightening her back and holding firmly to the documents in her hands.
‘Careful little one, you must walk before you can run,’ he chided her in his mind, her hands beginning to shake as his gaze slowly rose.
He lifted his eyes to meet hers. Clara let out a gasp and quickly ducked her head, directing her eyes to the floor.
“I’m waiting,” he said.
“Yes…” she said, her voice shaking, “…my Alpha.”
Clara stepped forward, stumbling over her own foot but catching herself before she fell. Her heart fell into the bottomless pit of her stomach. Heat crept up her throat. Embarrassment, anger, frustration all fought for dominance.
She straightened herself out and quickly covered the distance between her and the desk. She congratulated herself on staying on both feet, taking deep breaths to keep her lunch from coming up.
“Are you going to hand me the report, or just stand there admiring my floor?”
Her head shot up as she realized he was standing in front of her now. She quickly looked away.
“No… I mean, yes. Yes, my Alpha!” she stumbled with her words, “I mean, yes, I have the report here!”
Clara quickly shoved the papers towards him, too quickly. She hadn’t thought about the distance between them. When her hand flew out towards him, the report hit his chest and scattered to the floor.
“I’m so sorry!” she shouted, dropping to her knees to gather the papers quickly.
“Clara,” he called to her.
She was embarrassed and angry. She had lost. When she had taken the assignment, even when she knocked on the door and first spoke to him, she had felt so confident. But within minutes, she had completely fallen apart and made a fool of herself.
He had beat her again.
She reached for another paper but found it was grabbed by someone else first.
Clara looked up; he was squatting down in front of her. Again, she met his eyes, but this time they didn’t hold the same fierce coldness as before.
“I am not your enemy,” he whispered.
“I didn’t say—” she began to deny it.
Alexander laughed.
“You didn’t have to,” he replied. He reached a hand to her and helped her up.
“You are an omega, right?” he asked.
“Yes,” she replied.
He nodded.
“Your role, in any pack, is to aid. As an alpha, mine is to lead. It is who we are deep within ourselves.”
Clara looked away, dejected. She had been told many times before that she was reaching beyond her position.
“When you entered this room, you came ready to fight. To show me that you weren’t scared of me. As an alpha, I couldn’t let you get away with that,” he smiled.
She looked back at him, listening.
“You wanted to prove yourself today, right?”
Clara nodded.
“Good,” he grinned, “you have great potential, Clara. Don’t see me as an enemy, don’t try to fight me, help me.”
Her brows knitted together; he saw potential in her?
“You found the weak points in our defenses, yes they were created for a purpose, but the point is you found them. Do you know why?” he asked.
“I’m not sure,” she answered.
“It’s your nature,” he smiled, “I said it already. The role of the omega is to aid the pack. You have instincts that lead you to solve problems. You were sent to Spring to hone those instincts. Then, you were placed in Strategic Planning to help you understand how to use them.”
“You arranged that?” she asked, shocked.
“You should get back to work,” he replied as he finished gathering the papers and smiled at her.
“Yes, my Alpha!” Clara nodded happily and hurried to the door, turning back just before she exited the room.
“Oh!” she called back, “please pay special attention to page sixty-two subsection three dash A. We didn’t resolve this question, but for some reason, it sticks out to me as irregular.”
Alexander looked down at the report. He was surprised. It wasn’t the report he had expected. He quickly turned to the page and section she had mentioned. He read the passage out loud.
“Outgoing data packets read as game tokens spent and purchased for a mobile game, size exceeds normal parameters. Cause unknown.”
He was confused. He looked once more at the cover of the report. It was, in fact, a report on the system-wide analysis of the bug search. His eyes widened as he suddenly heard Galen’s voice calling out through memory.
‘….She uses her phone to play games during her allotted time. A mix of puzzle games and those choose your own adventure love story ones….’









Chapter 60 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“Mmm..ok..mm….” Selene mumbled against Jackson’s mouth, trying to get a word in between kisses. “Grange…mmm…I need to…. mmm.”
He moved her backward until her shoulders pressed against the wall. His hands snaked down the sides of her body, stopping just below her waist. His fingers kneaded along the muscle of her lower back softly before pulling her hips roughly against him. Eliciting a surprised gasp from her, he took the opportunity to deepen the kiss.
Jackson had taken to kissing her fervently at every chance. At first, she felt awkward with the change. But it happened so frequently since that day in the forest that she was getting used to it. There were times when she found it exciting and pleasurable, but other times it made her uncomfortable.
Her genuine concern was what came next, how much farther he would push. Selene had felt confident about her decision when she made it. She had been the one to tell him that they could move forward in their physical relationship. But she hadn’t expected how quickly things would change.


In the past, they had been affectionate, but it wasn’t every moment they were together. Now, it seemed that even if they only saw each other for a few moments, he always managed to put them in positions like the one she was in now.
Jackson’s left hand slid away from her lower back. He moved slowly around to her hip, giving it a light squeeze before continuing confidently past her stomach until his fingers slithered over her breast. He kept his other hand firmly on her lower back, pinning her lower half firmly against his.
Selene felt the warmth spreading over her. A low moan crawled its way up from somewhere inside. Jackson smiled against her mouth. Her heated cries were like music to his ears. He groped her breast aggressively as he pressed himself against her.
The running shorts she wore left little to the imagination of how excited he was by their activities.
His mouth finally pulled away from hers. Jackson growled against Selene’s throat as his hand squeezed her breast and ground his pelvis into her.
Selene turned away from him. She couldn’t deny that her body was feeling some pleasure in what he was doing to her. But his aggressiveness was making her feel uneasy.
“Jackson,” she called out to him. He didn’t respond, continuing to kiss and grab at her. “Jackson, it hurts… please…stop.”
His hand let go of her breast, sliding around to rest on her back. He let go of her hip, allowing her to pull away from him a little.
“Are you ok?” he whispered tenderly, still peppering her throat with kisses.
“Yea,” she whispered back, pushing him away from her. “We should stop.”
“I didn’t mean to hurt you, Selene,” he said, turning his eyes to the floor.
Selene looked at him and saw the shame written on his face. She reached out and lifted his chin. When their eyes met, she saw the unshed tears he held back.
She felt a pang of guilt in her heart.
“It’s ok, I know, baby. I know,” she said, “but I don’t feel comfortable with how fast we’ve been moving.”
“You said it was ok,” he said quietly as he turned away from her.


“I know,” she replied with hesitation, “I just think we need to slow down; we aren’t married yet.”
“We should be!” Jackson shouted.
Selene flinched and took a step back from him.
“I’m sorry,” he said quickly. “I’m sorry.”
He turned away from her.
‘He is right. We should have been married two months already. The only reason he is suffering now is because of my problems,’ Selene thought to herself.
He felt her arms wrapping around his shoulders and the soft weight of her head against his back. A wicked grin spread over his face, fading away just as quickly.
“You’re right,” she mumbled into his back.
He turned around carefully, so her arms were wrapped around his neck, and her head found a new resting place on his chest.
She adjusted her position so her chin was on his chest, and she looked up at his face. He smiled at her, giving her that familiar warmth she craved.
“You’re right, we should be married, we should have been a long time ago,” she said confidently, “and we will be, soon.”
“When?” he asked.
“Soon,” she said.
His smile disappeared, and he looked away from her.
“Jackson…” she started.
He pulled away from her and crossed the room. He turned his back to her, reminding her of the morning after Blood Moon, how scared she had been that he would leave her. Panic began to settle into her heart again.
“I’m sorry, but we still don’t know what is happening with the rogue wolves. We can’t just ignore that,” Selene said, hoping to make him understand.
“I’m not saying we should ignore what is happening. I am saying that there is no reason we can’t get married at the full moon. It’s not like either of us plans to stop training or fighting just because we are married, right?” he said.
“No, of course not,” she answered. “But it’s just not the right time. How can we have a wedding when there are reports of people dying?”
“What?” Jackson asked, turning to look at her. He hadn’t heard of any deaths. “Who died?”
She hesitated.
“There were twenty-eight casualties reported this morning from Summer,” she answered.
“Summer?” He asked. He took two steps closer to her. “Why are you getting reports about Summer?”
“I’m not getting reports. All of the packs received a full report from Alpha Alexander this morning. My father shared the details with me because he knew I would be training with Galen today. He asked me to explain the situation to him,” she stated.
“What situation?” Jackson asked. His voice was different. She didn’t recognize the tone, but she took another step back.
“There haven’t been any attacks in the past two days, and scouting reports show no sign of rogues in the area anymore. Therefore, Alpha Alexander will be returning to Winter to resume his duty in two days.”
Jackson let out a low growl. He opened his mouth as though he would say something but suddenly stopped. Selene saw his eyes turn briefly towards the door. She turned but saw nothing. When she looked back, he was standing in front of her, his eyes held that wildness she had seen before, instinct told her to move away, but it was too late.
“You are mine!” he snarled before he wrapped an arm tightly around her waist, pulling her against him so roughly that the air was pushed out of her lungs. He crashed his lips down onto hers, sealing her airway.
She tried to struggle, but her burning lungs and panic overwhelmed her, and she couldn’t think.
“Hey, Selene, sorry you seemed to be running late, so I thought—Oh….” Galen’s voice came from the opening door.
Jackson let her mouth go, panting and licking his lips, while Selene coughed. She turned around, leaning on the table for support. Her eyes met Galen’s a dark look she could never have expected stared back at her. He looked away as Jackson kissed her throat lightly.
“My apologies,” Galen said, turning to walk out, adding, “I don’t mean to be rude, but I did have a scheduled training. We’re already ten minutes behind. So I’ll be outside. Please join me soon.”
Galen shut the door behind him.
***
Selene walked quietly behind Galen; they hadn’t spoken since he had seen her with Jackson.
“Galen?” she called out to him, stopping.
“Yes?” he answered, turning to face her.
“Listen, about what just happened—” she began.
“It’s none of my business,” Galen answered quickly, continuing to walk towards the training grounds.
“Galen, wait—” she called out to him.
Galen turned to face her. His expression was enough for her to drawback. Galen had always shown her kindness and humor, but what she saw now rivaled Alexander’s coldest glare.
“There is nothing to explain,” he said, “You met your mate when you were sixteen, right?”
Galen waited to continue until she gave him a short nod.
“I should have listened to you before; I apologize for my arrogance.”
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“You told me before that you would never be our Luna.. I should have listened to you then.”









Chapter 61 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Jackson tipped back his cup of mead, taking it all in one drag, down to the last drop. He didn’t even need to order a second. He had already become a regular at the bar now.
“There you are!” a familiar grinning voice called from the entrance, “I have been looking all over for you.”
“No, you haven’t,” Jackson scoffed, sipping from his second cup.
“No, you’re right, I haven’t.” Holden chuckled, “It’s quite clear these days that if you aren’t with Miss Selene, you are here. And since I just saw the lovely miss sparring with Beta Galen, I came straight here.”


Jackson growled at the mention of Galen.
‘Summer trash,’ he thought to himself, Holden may not have been privy to the actual thought, but he understood the atmosphere.
“So, my friend, what has you in such a foul mood? I and many others have noted that your relationship seems to be quite ‘loving’. Yet, this does not appear to be a celebratory drink,” Holden asked, taking a seat beside Jackson.
The bartender brought Holden a small glass with a dark liquid in it. He had been a frequent visitor in his time here as well.
Jackson only let out a grunt in response.
Holden took a sip from his glass and looked around the room. The bartender was at the other end, with the only other patron currently in the whole place. He smiled to himself. In the morning, he would be leaving. So it was only right to leave his friend with some parting words of advice before he made his exit.
“It seems you might have already heard the good news.”
Jackson glanced at Holden, taking another drink.
“About Alpha Alexander’s return, I mean.” Holden smiled.
“How is that good?” Jackson spat.
“I suppose it’s not.” Holden stated, “I can see why you would be upset. The man who is trying to steal your mate is returning and will be given plenty of opportunities to attempt to convince her. They will be training closely, intimately. Physical contact practically all the time!”
Jackson turned with a snarl.
“My mistake, I should have minded my words.” Holden chuckled, raising his hands in the air as a sign of truce.
Jackson turned back to his drink.
“Do you think I am not keenly aware of all that?” he growled.


“No, I know you are.” Holden grinned once more, “What I was trying to get at, is that you, her mate, might not be able to do anything about their shared assignment. But her father, your alpha, can.”
“He made the assignment. Why would he change it.” Jackson scoffed.
“Because he made the assignment without knowing the kind of person Alexander is,” Holden whispered darkly.
Jackson turned and gave Holden his full attention. Holden smiled, knowing he had him.
“Alpha Wyatt, from what I know, is quite old-fashioned and a strict believer in tradition.”
“Yes, so what?”
“So,” Holden smiled, “I think he might reconsider the pairing, were he to understand that his daughter, who has a mate, has been receiving unwanted attention from the one she is assigned to.”
“Maybe, but Selene wouldn’t agree to tell him that. She says it’s her duty to complete the assignment.” Jackson huffed.
“Ah, but Selene doesn’t have to be the one to tell Alpha Wyatt, especially if she felt conflicted by it. After all, Alexander is an Alpha, and with the bad blood between the packs, how could she put her own needs first?”
Jackson slowly drank from his cup, listening carefully to what Holden said.
“But surely, she would confide in her mate about her true feelings.”
“That’s true,” Jackson said quietly.
Holden grinned darkly at his ‘friend’. He finished off his glass and stood up. Straightening his jacket, he smiled broadly and tipped his head toward Jackson.
“My friend, it has been my pleasure to share this time with you. I wish you the best.”
“Wait,” Jackson said, turning to look at Holden, “why have you been helping me? I don’t believe you actually think of me as a ‘friend’. And I don’t see how my relationship benefits you. So why?”
Holden gave his signature grin once more and let out a soft laugh.
“No, no I don’t consider anyone a friend,” Holden admitted. Stepping closer to Jackson, he leaned close. “But I don’t like him, and I do like you.”
Holden straightened his coat once more.​ꪶ​
“You like me?” Jackson said, disbelieving.
“I do,” Holden answered, delighted, “there is a topsy turvy upside downness growing in you, and I just can’t wait to see which way it goes.”
Jackson wasn’t sure how to respond or what he meant.
“Now, I really must get going, but first,” Holden said.
He pulled something from his pocket and handed it to Jackson.
“It’s how to reach me when you get in trouble,” he said.
“Don’t you mean if? If I am in trouble, this is how I reach you?” Jackson replied.
“No,” Holden shook his head, wearing a severe expression. “I don’t.”
***
“Jackson, you saved me a trip. I had planned to meet with you this evening,” Alpha Wyatt said once the formal greetings were out of the way.
He directed Jackson to sit on the small couch of his office. Indicating their talk would be personal rather than pack related. This worked with Jackson’s purpose for being here.
“Oh?” Jackson said as he sat down, “Anything you need, my Alpha, all you need to do is ask.”
“Glad to hear it,” Wyatt replied, looking carefully at Jackson. “What was it you were coming to see me about?”
Jackson sat forward.
“It’s something personal and a little awkward,” he began, “I’m actually here about Selene.”
“Oh?” Wyatt said, leaning forward, “that’s interesting. I wanted to speak with you about Selene as well.”
Jackson furrowed his brow. Something in the way Alpha Wyatt spoke made him feel uneasy about the conversation he was looking for.
“What about?” Jackson asked, attempting to keep his smile even.
“Well, Jackson, I wanted to speak with you about your relationship with Selene.” Wyatt began, “I know it hasn’t been easy, waiting to marry until she came of age. Now, with the rogue attacks, I asked that you move your wedding back even further. I understand your frustrations.”
‘Did Selene talk to him?’ Jackson thought to himself, ‘Did she tell him I have been pushing her about the wedding? Did she tell him about Alexander!’
He fought to keep the panic from appearing on his face, shoving it down as hard as he could.
“I won’t lie,” Jackson replied, “I was disappointed about moving the wedding again. But, as we all know, duty before heart.”
“Yes! Exactly!” Alpha Wyatt smiled brightly and patted Jackson on the shoulder happily. “You’re a good man, Jackson. I knew you would understand. The Goddess did right by Selene when she chose you.”
Jackson nodded, feeling a sense of relief wash over him.
“That’s good,” Wyatt continued, “Corrine was worried there would be a fight between the two of you. She thought that the wedding should have gone ahead. But now that I hear from you, I feel better about the decision.
“I admit that I made that decision without consulting either of you, and that was wrong of me. So, if you two change your mind, I can’t say I will agree with your decision, but I will honor it.”
“I appreciate that, Alpha, I truly do,” Jackson said, wondering to himself if it was possible to convince Selene to agree.
“Now, what was it that you wished to speak with me about Selene?” Wyatt asked.
Jackson turned his focus back to Wyatt. He cleared his throat and rubbed the back of his neck as though he felt uncomfortable; it was essential to put on a good show after all.
“The thing is, Alpha, you know how Selene is, more than any of us, she believes in putting the good of the pack first,” Jackson said.
“Yes, it is a quality in her that I admire and have fostered throughout her life,” Wyatt replied.
“It is a wonderful quality, in most circumstances,” Jackson said, pausing for dramatic effect.
“What does that mean?” Wyatt said, his tone very serious.
“I mean that she will suffer through a situation that makes her unhappy or even hurts her if she believes it is for the good of the pack. Especially if she thinks it is for the good of her family.” Jackson answered, looking away ‘nervously’.
“Speak plainly,” Wyatt growled.
“Yes, my Alpha,” Jackson replied submissively, smiling in his mind. “Alpha Alexander has tried to take advantage of Selene multiple times.”









Chapter 62 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Alpha Wyatt took a slow deep breath. He gritted his teeth as his hand gripped tightly to the arm of his chair.
“Those are very strong words, Jackson,” Wyatt spoke carefully, taking a large portion of his self-control to maintain his calm.
“I know, my Alpha, and I don’t say them lightly,” Jackson replied.
“Then explain!” Wyatt shouted.


Jackson flinched at the strength of Wyatt’s tone. A deep resentment had been growing in him at how easily he reacted to the alpha’s power ever since Alexander had brought him to his knees.
He cleared his throat and steadied himself.
“At the Blood Moon Gathering, Selene met Alpha Alexander for the first time. From what she said, it was very uncomfortable.” Jackson began.
He wasn’t lying. Selene had told him that she felt very uncomfortable with Alexander. However, the reason for the discomfort didn’t need to be shared with Alpha Wyatt.
“He was insistent on spending time alone with her, so she made it clear she already had a mate. You might have heard about him and his wolves running wild through the trees that night? Apparently, it was to release some… frustration.” Jackson gave a slight growl as he finished his sentence.
It helped tell his story to Alpha Wyatt, but it was also genuine. He hated that Alexander expressed a desire for Selene. He hated that she felt anything at all for him in return.
Wyatt swallowed and let out a tense breath.
“Selene is a beautiful girl, and without being a part of Winter, it isn’t strange for someone to think she is still unmated. I may not like the idea of his attention on her, but I cannot fault the man for showing interest.”
“Yes, my Alpha,” Jackson agreed, “I don’t like any of it at all. But, if it ended there, well, there would be no reason to have this conversation.”
“There is more?” Wyatt asked.
Jackson nodded, and Wyatt signaled him to continue.
“As you know, Selene sent invitations for her birthday to all the alphas as a gesture. She did not expect that Alpha Alexander would come to her party, yet he did.” Jackson clenched his jaw at the memory.
“If I remember correctly,” Wyatt said, “Alpha Alexander came to her aid at the party.”
Jackson pushed down the desire to yell at his Alpha, to scream in his face, or even take a swing at him for suggesting that Alexander in any way was a good man towards his Selene.
“Yes, you are correct, my Alpha,” Jackson answered, “a wolf from Autumn was drunk and had been harassing Selene. Both Alpha Alexander and I put an end to it. Axel and I escorted the man out.”


Wyatt nodded to himself. Jackson could practically see the thoughts in his head. Words like ‘misunderstand’, ‘confused’, ‘good man’ were bouncing in Jackson’s mind like live grenades, setting off explosions of anger and frustration. He took a cleansing breath before continuing.
“But earlier in the day, I was on patrol, and I heard what sounded like an argument. So I approached just in time to see Selene falling into tears as Alpha Alexander shouted at her, with his alpha tone.”
Wyatt let out a low growl.
“For what reason?” he demanded.
“I don’t know,” Jackson answered, “I didn’t hear the words exchanged. All I know is that she had gone for a run, and she ran into Alexander.”
“For a run?” Wyatt asked. He looked down, squinting as though he were trying to focus on a blurry memory. Suddenly they widened, and he looked straight at Jackson. “Was she running in her wolf form?”
Jackson looked away, once more clenching his jaw, he looked angry, but he was pleased. He wanted Wyatt to assume that Alexander had seen Selene naked, that she was upset because of this.
“Selene always runs in wolf form,” Jackson replied with a low growl, just enough to show his anger at the ‘situation’.
“Did he see her!?!” Wyatt snarled loudly, standing from his chair and ripping the arm off as he did.
Jackson fell back, shocked by the sudden outburst. He landed hard against the floor, scrambling to pick himself up.
‘Get up!’ he thought to himself angrily. ‘You are not some pathetic pup! Get your ass up!’
After righting himself and pushing away from the resentment and shame, he looked back up at Wyatt. He was angry, his eyes taking on an unnatural glow, showing the intense fury he felt.
It wasn’t surprising. Just as Holden had said, Wyatt was a traditionalist. More so than any other wolf. Thinking that Alpha Alexander may have even glanced at her flesh was enough to set him off, imagine how he would feel if he knew that Jackson had touched that flesh.
Jackson felt a smile trying to show itself on his face. He quickly pushed it away, focusing on the conversation.
“I don’t know,” Jackson said, his tone serious, “she wouldn’t tell me.”
Wyatt growled.
“All she would say was that she had run into him, and they had a disagreement, that he got upset. I didn’t tell her that I had seen him use his alpha tone or that I had heard only one sentence that had been spoken between them.”
“What sentence?” Wyatt asked.
“I heard Selene repeat that I was her mate. It was after this that he got angry.”
Wyatt moved away from Jackson. He walked to the stone fireplace and held to it as though without it, he would fall. He was silent for a long time. Jackson observed, trying to decide if he should continue or not.
“I don’t understand this.” Wyatt finally spoke, “If this all happened, if Selene felt so sure that Alexander had ill intentions, why did she not tell me? Why did she agree to go to Summer?”
Jackson smiled a Cheshire cat grin, this question he was more than prepared for. He knew exactly how to answer this in a way that would benefit him most.
“Duty before heart.”
Wyatt turned and looked at Jackson, whose smile had quickly faded back to a face of quiet anger and concern.
“What?” Wyatt asked, his eyes holding a painful expression.
“When I asked her why she wouldn’t tell anyone, why she wouldn’t let me tell anyone,” Jackson said, sadness carefully playing in his voice. “All she would say was duty before heart.”
Wyatt’s shoulder sagged; a wave of sadness crept over him.
Jackson felt confident that he had succeeded in convincing Wyatt of Alexander’s ‘true’ nature.
“Thank you for telling me.” Wyatt said sadly, “I will be more aware of Selene’s wellbeing from now on.”
Jackson nodded respectfully.
“I will let Selene know that she won’t need to worry about Alpha Alexander’s return.” Jackson smiled.
“What do you mean?” Wyatt said, looking at Jackson as though he said something strange.
“His training,” Jackson said, “I’ll just let her know that someone else will handle it.”
“Why would you do that?” Wyatt asked, straightening himself.
“I just assumed… now that you know what happened…” Jackson replied, unable to hide his confusion or fear. “You aren’t still going to let him try to steal her… are you?”
“Steal her?” Wyatt asked, “Jackson, no one can steal your mate.”
“But–“ Jackson began.
“There is no need to worry about something like that happening. The Goddess herself has blessed the two of you with your bond. No one can break that,” Wyatt smiled, putting a hand on Jackson’s shoulder reassuringly.
“Yes, I know,” Jackson said, “but, Alpha Alexander–“
“I understand your concern, and as I said, I will pay more attention to Selene and her wellbeing from this point on. But, as far as Alpha Alexander, I think there have been some misunderstandings.”
There it was, one of the words Jackson had feared finding its way into this conversation.
“You said yourself that you were not present for the whole conversation, and let’s face it, Selene is a good girl, but she can be a bit hostile herself. It’s possible they simply had a disagreement that got out of hand. Alexander is a good man.”
Another of the words he feared.
“I will talk to them both, see if we can clear this up.”
Jackson felt a rush of panic. If Wyatt told Selene about their conversation, how would she react?
“She really didn’t want me to tell you about this. I came here on my own. Please, I beg of you. Don’t end my marriage before it has even begun.” Jackson laughed nervously.
“Alright,” Wyatt sighed. “But I will give you a piece of advice, do not hide things from your mate. It never turns out well.”
“Agreed,” Jackson said.
“As far as this situation goes, I won’t be removing Selene from her assignment, as I am the one who made this agreement. So I cannot back out of it at the last minute. But I can ask one of the other berserkers to train with them if we feel it is necessary to have a chaperone.”
“Thank you,” Jackson replied, trying desperately to keep from showing his frustration and anger.
“But,” Wyatt added, “I will be talking to Alpha Alexander about all that has been shared. I will make sure he understands and respects the mate bond as the will of the Goddess!”
Jackson felt familiar darkness slithering into his heart.
‘If Alexander tells Wyatt that he is also Selene’s mate, he’ll take her from me!’ his panicked thoughts screamed, ‘I won’t let that happen!’









Chapter 63 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
‘Jackson snarled, claiming her as his, before he wrapped an arm tightly around her waist, pulling her against him so roughly that the air was pushed out of her lungs. He crashed his lips down onto hers, sealing her airway.
She tried to struggle, but her burning lungs and panic overwhelmed her, and she couldn’t think.’
The memory woke her.
Selene sat up in bed, panting. She hugged herself and hissed at the slight pain she felt. Lifting her shirt, she could see minor bruises on the side of her waist.


The marks of Jackson’s overly passionate love. He couldn’t help it. She knew that. He had been holding himself back for two years, and now, with another wolf thrown into the mix, of course, he was going crazy.
She understood it would be different once they were married, once their bond was complete. Selene touched a finger to the sensitive spot on her throat. She hoped he would be gentle when it came time to mark each other.
Another memory floated into her mind, soft kisses against her throat, a flick of the tongue against that spot. The way her body ached for more. A shuddering breath and flash of heat ran through her like a bolt of lightning as Alexander’s mouth touched her throat with such tender care.
She closed her eyes as the warmth of the memory settled over her. Alexander was so consumed by their bond that his mind was almost gone at the full moon. They were both driven nearly mad by the pull of the bond, and yet, he was so gentle.
So… loving.
He could have had her; she would have given in without any objection, yet he pulled back and didn’t push her to be his.
The thought of him, his touch, his tenderness. Selene found herself stretching out in her bed as rolling warmth reached up and down through her body, curling her toes. The fingertips of her left hand traced the curve of her breast, a sensation that had her biting her bottom lip. While the right hand moved down along her hip, drawn by an aching throb begging for release.
She closed her eyes, feeling Alexander’s hot breath on her throat.
“Haa..” she moaned out softly.
She imagined his hand caressing her hip gently, his fingertips tickling her sensitive skin as they made their way towards their goal.
“Aaah…”
‘My heart beats for you, Selene.’
Selene’s eyes opened wide, her heart gripped tightly. Alexander’s honest, heartfelt words were the cold shower she needed to pull herself away from fantasy.
“Damn it…” she sighed to herself in frustration. As she sank back into the bed and tried to catch her breath. “Why are you doing this to yourself?”
The memory fell away, and she was left with only the bitter sorrow it left behind. Her eyes filled with tears. Selene pushed herself off the bed, grabbed a towel, and headed for a real cold shower.


***
“That’s only two days away!” Selene stated in disbelief.
“Yes, I know it’s quick, but Selene, come on,” Jackson pleaded, placing his hands softly on her elbows and pulling her into a gentle hug, “I just want us to be together.”
“We are,” she replied.
“No,” he said, “not officially.”
“Jackson, I’m sorry, but that’s just too soon,” she sighed, pulling away from him.
“We don’t need anything crazy, just us and your parents under the moonlight with the blessing of the Goddess. Easy,” he offered.
“Jackson, I–“ she began.
“Selene, please,” he said, standing and pulling her back to him, “I just want to know you are mine.”
She looked into his eyes. His pain was open and honest. He was scared, and if she was honest with herself, it wasn’t an unfounded fear.
Selene wanted to give in, to make him smile again. But she couldn’t.
“Jackson, I am yours. I have already promised myself to you. But we can’t just decide on our own to get married in two days,” she replied sadly, “our friends, our family, they would be so disappointed. Not to mention the training and everything else going on right now.”
“The training is over; they are all going home today.” Jackson pouted, resting his head against her chest.
She took a deep breath.
“Not all of them,” she sighed, knowing what his reaction would be to the conversation.
He sighed.
“You know I still have a duty,” she said.
“Fine, there is nothing I can do about that,” Jackson stated in frustration. “But why should that affect our marriage?”
“Jackson, come on,” Selene said, feeling an annoyance rising in her. “I have two weeks of training. We won’t have time for a celebration or even time to ourselves.”
“I just need you,” he whispered, hugging her tightly.
***
After all the back and forth, he couldn’t convince her in the end. Selene had ended the conversation by reminding him that she had taken over Saul’s duties while he spent time with his newborn child.
Jackson considered dropping it, letting go of the idea of getting her to agree to get married now. But there was still one more thing he could try.
Alpha Wyatt had mentioned that Luna Corrine agreed that the wedding should have gone ahead. Maybe he could get her to convince Selene.
“Jackson!” Corrine smiled as she opened the door. “Come in, come in. What a pleasant surprise this is.”
“Hello, my Luna,” he said formally, saluting her like any other member of the pack would.
She furrowed her brow and gave an awkward smile.
“What’s this now?” she asked with a chuckle.
It was strange for Jackson to salute her. It had been over a year since she had convinced him to stop being so formal with her since they would be family soon enough.
“What do you mean, my Luna?” Jackson asked.
“Why are you acting so formal? I thought we settled this long ago. You are my son-in-law. There is no need for all that,” she laughed.
Her voice was kind but firm, telling him she did not want to see him act formally. Something he knew quite well. He remembered their conversation, their agreement. He knew how uncomfortable she felt with the formalities between them.
Which was precisely why he did it.
“But I’m not your son-in-law,” he said with a sad smile.
“Not yet,” she replied. “But you will be soon.”
“That’s what I keep hearing,” he sighed.
Corrine looked at him with concern.
“Come, let’s sit together,” she said, directing him to the couch.
They settled into their seats, and she offered him a glass of water from the pitcher that always sat on the coffee table.
“No, thank you,” he said.
“Tell me what’s going on, Jackson. Why are you upset with my girl?” she said after taking a sip from her glass.
He looked up at her questioningly.
“Subtlety is not your strong suit, dearest,” she smiled.
He laughed and looked away as if he were feeling embarrassed. He wasn’t.
“Nothing gets past you, does it, my Luna?” he smiled.
“Ok, let’s go ahead and stop this ‘my Luna’ stuff. You got my attention already. Let’s just get straight to the point,” she smiled back.
“Alright, I will,” Jackson replied, “Honestly, I am feeling frustrated by the wedding being pushed back again and again.”
“Ahh, I see,” said Corrine, “But I thought you were fine with it? Wyatt said he spoke with you last night.”
Jackson laughed.
“Yes, should I tell my Alpha that I don’t agree with a decision he made?” he asked.
“I suppose I see your point,” Corrine laughed, “and I suppose my practical girl agrees with her father?”
“You know your daughter.” Jackson sighed.
“I do,” she sighed. Knowing that Selene would always do whatever her father told her to do, whether she wanted to or not.
Jackson glanced at her. He could see she was interested. He just needed her to agree with him and help him.
“I understand that a big wedding, celebration, all of that, would be unreasonable right now,” Jackson began, “I’m not trying to be unreasonable. I don’t think wanting to be married is unreasonable.”
“No, of course not, dear,” Corrine replied, putting a comforting hand on his shoulder. “But it is true that a wedding would be quite out of the question right now. Especially with the report we received from Summer.”
“I know,” he said, “I’m not asking for a wedding. I’m asking for a marriage.”
“What do you mean?” she asked.
“I would like to marry my mate at the full moon.”
“In two days?!” Corrine exclaimed.
“Yes,”
“Jackson, dearest, I support you, and I want you both to be happy, but that is much too soon,” Corrine said. “I could barely organize a nice dinner by then, certainly not a wedding.”
“That’s just it, I don’t want a wedding,” Jackson said.
“I don’t understand.”
“What I want is to have the Goddess bless our union and to be mated to the woman I love. Then, we can do a wedding later after the rogues have been dealt with.”
Corrine was quiet, thinking about what he was saying.
“So, you want to be married in two days and have an actual wedding in the future.”
“Yes,” he answered.
“And how does Selene feel about that plan?” a voice from across the room asked.
Jackson looked up with irritation, his eyes landing on Bell, standing at the entrance to the hall leading further into the house.









Chapter 64 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“Bell,” Jackson commented. “I didn’t realize you were here.”
“I got that impression,” she replied flatly.
Her words seemed to have a hidden meaning that left a bitter taste in his mouth.
“Oh, I’m so sorry, dearest. I completely forgot you were in there when Jackson arrived,” Corrine said with an embarrassed chuckle.


“No worries, my Luna,” Bell smiled, “we were pretty much done anyway. I can figure out the rest on my own.”
“Bell came to get some ideas on a gift for the new pup.” Corrine smiled brightly at Bell.
“Thought I had a few more shopping days left, but then she decided to make a surprise entrance.” Bell laughed, “and I got a front-row view.”
Corrine and Bell laughed together, sharing a few more words about the new baby. Jackson tried to keep his expression neutral, careful not to show any irritation at the interruption.
“I am sorry both of you, but I do have another appointment I need to get to. But, Bell, I think the outfit is a lovely choice, and Pearl will love it,” Corrine said sweetly.
She grabbed her coat and put it on; she stopped to think for a moment before turning back to Jackson.
“I want to help in any way I can, so if Selene wants to have just a blessing ceremony in two days…” she sighed sadly, “I will make that happen.”
“Thank you, my Luna,” Jackson smiled happily.
“Of course,” she smiled, “I will see you both later.”
Corrine walked out the door, and Jackson couldn’t stop smiling. Finally, someone was on his side. He felt a surge of confidence swelling inside of him. With Corrine on his side, he was sure he could convince Selene. He just needed time alone with her to make her understand.
But his victory was short-lived.
“Selene won’t agree to that.”
Jackson clenched his jaw and took a deep breath through his nose. For a moment, he had forgotten she was there.
“Jackson?” Bell called.
“What?” he replied.


“You don’t really think she will agree, do you?” she asked.
He didn’t respond.
“Come on, Jackson, you’ve seen her notebook! She has dreamed of this wedding for two years. She has it planned out from start to finish.”
“We will still have her dream wedding later,” he sighed.
“It’s not the same thing,” Bell answered, “look, I’m not trying to rain on your parade. I get that you want to be married. You guys are crazy about each other. But you’ve waited two years. So what’s the rush now?”
“We should have been married already,” he said.
“True, but that doesn’t mean you should get married just to get married. Just take your time.”
She could tell he was getting upset. But, he still had his back to her.
“Jackson, I may not understand everything, but I can tell you one thing for certain,” she said softly. “She is your mate, and she loves you, don’t make her do something that she will regret later.”
“You don’t know what you’re talking about,” he growled.
“I know her, and she doesn’t want this,” she blurted out.
She regretted the choice of words almost immediately.
Bell watched him carefully. She understood his desire and his disappointment, but there was something else in his voice, in his demeanor. It was familiar in a way that made the hair on her arms stand on end.
She swallowed the lump in her throat that had suddenly formed, her heart rate was steadily increasing, and the sound of it was getting louder and louder in her ears.
“Ok, my bad,” she said quietly. “Good luck. I’ll see you around.”
Bell turned to leave from the backdoor, but he was suddenly in front of her. She looked up at his face, immediately she jumped back.
His eyes held an unnatural glow, that glint of reflected moonlight all strong wolves had. Usually a sign of extreme emotion, usually rage.
Her breathing was strained, her palms were sweating, and her heartbeat was pounding in her ears. Bell backed up, and he followed her step for step. Her back hit the wall. The panic in her heart was raging. It took every ounce of her will to keep her appearance calm on the outside.
“You have a nasty mouth, Bell,” Jackson hissed, getting closer and closer to her, “you need to learn when to keep it shut!”
Bell clenched her jaw to keep herself steady as he snarled in her face. She swallowed hard and breathed through her nose. Desperate to maintain her mask of calm, her protective shielding.
‘Do not show fear, do not show vulnerability,’ she chanted in her mind. Focusing on her voice, rather than how close Jackson was, how much anger she could see in those glowing eyes. Or hear in the low rumbling growl that shadowed his words.
“Stay out of it, Bell,” he snarled, “if you say anything to Selene about this or the ceremony, you will regret it.”
He snarled at her once more, causing her to close her eyes tightly in fear. The sound of the door slamming startled her. Bell opened her eyes to find that she was alone in the room. Her eyes darted around, looking for anywhere he might be hiding, waiting to pounce. The room was empty.
She felt hot, suffocated, her chest was constricting. Then, pushing off the wall, she ran down the hallway. She was too afraid to leave by the front door, in case he was still there, waiting.
The back door was getting closer and closer. Finally, Bell rammed herself hard against the door, bursting through, out into the snow. Her momentum was too strong. She couldn’t find her footing on the small staircase; she tripped and fell. Her body slammed sharply into the ground. The pain from the impact was enough to shock her into taking a deep gasping breath of the cold air. Her lungs burned, and she coughed painfully as she took it in too quickly.
‘You have a nasty mouth on you, my sweet Bell…. I’ll teach you to use it properly.’
The revolting voice crept into her mind from the depths of a banished memory. Then, like a snake from its hole, it slithered and crawled over her. Crushing her defenses and filling her with disgust and shame.
Her stomach couldn’t take it, she heaved her lunch onto the snow before her, and with it, she lost the last bit of control she had over her emotions. A heavy stream of tears flooded from her eyes; gasping breaths escaped her lips.
She couldn’t stop herself, not even when she sensed someone approaching.
“Bell?” he called out as a question, wondering if it was her he saw sitting on the ground.
He didn’t know why she would be sitting on the ground, but then again, he didn’t understand why she did half the things she did. He almost laughed at the thought when he saw her shoulders sag and bob. She was crying. Bell never cried.
“Bell!” He cried out as he ran to her, falling to his knees beside her.
At first, she pushed away from him and tried to move out of his reach. But he caught her, calling her name and holding her tightly until she looked up into his eyes.
She reached her hand up to his cheek, her breathing slowing down, her eyes focusing again. Finally, she let out a soft sob, and a look of relief fell over her.
“Axel,” she whispered with a heavy sigh.
“Yes,” he replied softly, “I’m here, Bell. You’re safe.”
She let out another sob and wrapped her arms around his neck, pulling him into a tight hug, desperately seeking his comfort and warmth.
“It’s ok, shh, it’s ok,” Axel cooed softly as he ran his hand down her back, trying to soothe her.
Bell couldn’t help but laugh, causing Axel to stop his movements and look down at her with surprise. She was smiling through glassy tear-filled eyes.
“I’m not a baby, Axel,” she laughed.
“Well, I’ve never seen you cry before. I didn’t know what to do!” he scoffed.
She laughed again and teased him a little more before leaning back into his chest. He immediately wrapped his arms around her once more.
“This is all I need right now,” she said softly, “just a little longer.”
“As long as you want,” he replied, smiling gently.
Both were happily accepting the comfort they offered each other. Neither noticed the tall blonde man.. The one who stood among the trees, with an unnatural glow in his eyes, cast directly at them.







Chapter 65 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“I should have gone back with you,” Galen sighed regretfully.
“It wouldn’t have made a difference,” Alexander replied on the other end of the call. “If she wouldn’t let me into the fight, do you think she would have let you?”
Galen walked slowly between the trees. He leaned against the closest one with a soft smile on his face. Alexander was right. Fiona was protective, even more so of Galen than Alexander. When he was younger, he had been offended, thinking that she considered him weak. Later, he understood. She just didn’t want to lose him.
“It just feels wrong,” Galen said sadly, “to be so far away when something like this has happened.”


The number of casualties had been shocking. When Selene had shared the report, Galen had stumbled and almost fallen. While others may have thought that the number was an acceptable loss compared to the size of their pack, even one was too many for Galen.
“I understand,” Alexander said, “but you honor us all by fulfilling your duty.”
“Yes, my Alpha,” Galen said quietly.
“The memorial will be tonight. Do you wish to participate?”
“I don’t need to give a speech; I will leave the fancy words to you. But, if possible, I would like to attend,” Galen replied.
“As you said, I will need to share some fancy words, so I won’t be able to host you. But I am sure our mother would be happy to have you with her,” Alexander offered.
“Thank you,” Galen said.
“Of course. I will let her know to call you ten minutes before the memorial,” Alexander said.
“Sounds good,” Galen answered. Then, straightening up from against the tree, he began once more to walk through the trees.
“How are things on your end?” Alexander asked, “Any news on the wolfsbane?”
“Nothing yet, though I am on my way to see Bell now. I will ask her about it today.”
“You’ll ask her about it?” Alexander asked, surprised.
Galen smiled.
“I don’t believe Winter was responsible for the false report. I think that she believes I already know about the wolfsbane. So, it would be more suspicious if I hint around,” he answered.
After a silent moment, Alexander grunted.


“Do what you think is best.”
“Yes, my Alpha,” Galen replied.
“I will leave at first light. There won’t be any need for me to stop, so I should arrive in Winter by tomorrow night. Early morning after at the latest. I expect a full report right away.”
Galen rolled his eyes and laughed to himself.
“Yes, my Alpha.”
“And Galen?” Alexander said.
“Yes?” Galen replied.
“Don’t use all your time flirting with her and forget to gather my intel. Ok?”
Alexander’s tone was severe, but Galen knew far too well that on the other side of the call, this bastard was smiling.
“Of course, my Alpha,” Galen growled.
He heard a faint laugh just before the familiar buzz signaling the disconnect of the neural link.
‘Jerk,’ Galen laughed to himself.
He continued walking through the trees. Bell had told him to meet her outside Alpha Wyatt’s home. Unfortunately, he was running late due to his call with Alexander, but only by a few minutes.
Galen could see the house through the trees. He found himself smiling as he anticipated seeing her again. Then, just as he thought about it, the back door flung open, and someone tumbled out. They fell hard to the ground.
He stopped and watched for a moment, unsure if he should approach. He was still a reasonable distance away, and he didn’t know who it was or how kindly they would take to receiving aid from the Summer wolf.
She threw up.
‘Was it from the pain of the fall?’ he wondered to himself.
That was when he finally saw her face, his heart stopped for a second, and the air caught in his lungs. It was Bell, and she was crying.
“Bel–“ he started to move, to run toward her, but his voice was overshadowed by another.
Galen stopped in his tracks, only making it a few steps before seeing him. The man from the party, the dark blonde that Bell had laughed so freely with. He ran to her and put his arms around her.
Galen reached out to the nearest tree gripping it so tightly the bark splintered under his fingers. He watched as Bell looked up at him, as she traced her fingers along his face. Finally, she wrapped her arms around him and pulled him close to her.
They held each other, and Galen suddenly felt the cold around him, as though he had just realized he was standing in the snow for the first time. His heart ached.
They were laughing now from tears to laughter in the span of moments. Galen thought back to the day in the hospital when they had spoken of her mother. He wasn’t able to comfort her, to offer her laughter… but this man could.
“He isn’t a man to her…” he said to himself comfortingly. Remembering how she had laughed when he suggested they might be dating. She had said he was just Selene’s brother.
His jaw clenched; his fingers dug deeper into the tree. His heart ached, and a growl rose deep in his belly.
They held each other. Their arms wrapped around each other like they were the only two people in all of existence.
He wanted to go to her, to rip that boy’s arms off for touching her.
Galen used every ounce of will he had to look away. Finally, he moved behind the tree and laid back against it, hitting his head two or three times to try and bring himself back into focus.
‘I have no right, no claim. She can do what she likes, with whom she likes,’ he thought to himself. He couldn’t help but glance back. She was still in the boy’s arms. ‘I thought she liked me.’
Galen felt a deep ache in his heart. He wanted to leave, to be away from this painful scene. But something was holding him back. Not just his desire to see them pull away from each other. He needed an answer to a critical question.
‘Why was she crying?’
***
Axel felt Bell pulling away. He loosened his hold and looked down at her. She smiled up at him for a moment before pulling further away.
“Feeling better?” he asked.
“Yes,” she smiled.
“If you need more time…” he said, trailing off.
“I’m good,” she chuckled. “Thank you.”
“Anytime,” he smiled back.
Bell got off the ground first, offering her hand out to him, which he happily accepted. When they stood facing each other, Axel got a serious look on his face.
“So,” he began, “what happened?”
Bell looked away.
“Bell,” Axel said, reaching a hand to her chin and pulling her attention back, “talk to me.”
She looked up into his green eyes, and she felt his sincerity through them. His warmth, his tenderness. It made her feel comfortable.
“I just got upset,” she answered, looking away.
“I know, I want to know why,” Axel said, telling her he wasn’t letting this go. He was his mother’s son.
Bell sighed. There was no way to get out of this conversation. All she could do was tell him the truth, or at least, some of it.
Around the corner of the house, where neither Bell nor Axel could see, even if they were paying attention, Galen had snuck over.
He felt guilty for eavesdropping on their conversation, but he couldn’t let go of the question. He needed to know that she was ok.
“Ok,” Bell sighed, drawing the attention of both men, “it’s not a big deal. You already know I have nightmares.”
‘How does he know she has nightmares?’ Galen thought to himself in a slight panic, imagining them together in her room at night.
“Last night was really rough, I kept seeing things over and over, and I just kind of got lost in it.”
“Try again,” Axel said, “at least try to make it more convincing this time.”
“Ughh,” Bell grumbled, “why does it matter? I’m fine now. I got upset. Everyone gets upset sometimes.”
“Yea, they do,” Axel stated. “But I didn’t find everyone puking from it or crying. I’ve never seen you cry before, ever.”
Bell looked away again. She crossed her arms over her chest.
Galen peered around the corner. He could barely see her face from this angle, but he could see the pain she tried to hide.
‘Please, Bell,’ he begged in his mind.
“Bell, I know something really got to you. I just want to help,” Axel said, reaching his hand out to her shoulder.
She thought about it for a moment, then finally, she let out a loud sigh.
“Fine,” she said. “I came to see your mom, and just before we finished up, Jackson arrived.”
Bell paused, turning away from Axel. Thinking of how she could word it, how she could give him what he wanted, without telling him everything.
Galen saw her. He saw the nerves, the fear, the thinking. Whatever she said next would be a half-truth at best.
“Then what happened?” Axel asked.
“Your mom had to leave, and Jackson and I were left alone,” she began, “and you know how I am. I have a nasty mouth.”
Galen didn’t like the way she said it. It made him angry. Bell was one to poke fun at herself, to make jokes about her bad habits. But these words, they weren’t hers.
‘Did that bastard say that to you?’ he wondered.
“Anyway, we disagreed about something, and I took it too far,” she sighed, “so he got upset, and he said some things that were mean.”
“You and Jackson say mean things to each other all the time, so what about this time got you so upset?” Axel questioned.
Bell looked away once more. A look of fear crossed her eyes and then went away, but Galen saw it.
“Honestly, it just brought up some bad memories from my past. Ones I haven’t thought about in a long time, and it was too much.”
“What kinds of memories, Bell?” Axel pushed, concern written on his face.
Galen couldn’t help but notice the way Axel’s hand had clenched into a fist. It was clear that this man knew her past, and something in it had worried him.
“Axel, please,” Bell said, turning to him with a pleading look. “It’s just stuff with my parents, like the nightmares. I don’t want to think about it anymore, ok?”
Axel sighed and nodded.
“Ok,” he said, putting his arm around her shoulder. “How about I give you exclusive access to my Nutter Butter stash?”
“Hmm… tempting,” Bell replied, then looked up at him with a mischievous grin, “but how about the Butterfingers instead?”
“Wait…” Axel said, stopping in his tracks, “you know about the Butterfingers too?”
Bell laughed as she ran into the house, Axel following close behind.
Galen was left alone, wondering.
‘I saw the way your parents make you feel. You showed it to me,’ he thought back to the time at the hospital when they spoke of her mom. The sadness, the pain.
‘So why when you talked about Jackson, did you seem so afraid?’ he asked himself, a wave of dark anger beginning to settle over him.
‘Guess I need to ask him myself.’







Chapter 66 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
‘He’ll be here in two days at most,’ Selene thought to herself.
In fact, she hadn’t stopped thinking about that since the moment she found out. She had tried to distract herself, tried to focus on her tasks, wrapping up training with the other ambassadors, organizing improvements to the borders and defenses. But every thought, every action led back to Alexander.
When she had read the report on the casualties in Summer, she was shocked. From what she saw, there was no use of wolfsbane by the rogues, yet they could kill so many people from the most defensible pack of the four.
This was concerning. If Summer could not adequately defend themselves, what hope did the other packs have?


Selene thought back to the argument she had with Alexander on her last day in Summer. His voice resonated in her mind.
‘We have offered Alpha Wyatt a multitude of technological advancements over the years. He has rejected most of them. And over the past couple years, every one of them.’
She couldn’t imagine how it could possibly be true. Her father was always concerned about his people. He would never have rejected something that would increase their safety. There had to be a mistake, and she needed to know the answer before Alexander returned.
For reasons she didn’t quite understand, Selene felt a desperate need to correct his view of her father.
She knocked at the large oak door, opening it before hearing anything from the other side.
“I didn’t expect to see you today,” Alpha Wyatt said as she entered his office, never raising his eyes from the papers he was working on.
“Hello, Father,” she smiled.
He looked up at her, his stern expression turning soft and friendly the moment their eyes met.
“Father?” he said happily. “Then you are here as my daughter today?”
He stood from his desk and rushed to her, wrapping his arms around her in a big hug. Selene laughed; he was always like this. He took his role as Alpha very seriously, doing his best to always keep his two positions in her life separate.
She returned his hug, laughing as he spun her around.
“You act as though you haven’t seen me in months!” she laughed.
“Well, we are both busy people, and you didn’t even come to see me when you returned from being away,” he pouted at her as he guided her to sit down with him. “I’ve seen Jackson, more than my own daughter.”
“Jackson came to see you?” she asked.
“Yes,” he answered, quickly adding, “nothing important. He just stopped by for a chat.”


Selene nodded, she felt a strange curiosity, but she saw no reason to ask further about it.
“I did come today as your daughter, but–” she began.
“Oh no,” he interrupted her before she could finish the thought.
“What?” she asked.
“I recognize that tone, the preface of your statement. You approached the father but plan to speak of something that should be with the Alpha.”
She couldn’t deny it, instead only looking away guiltily.
“Tricky child,” he chastised.
“I wish to speak to my father rather than my alpha,” she sighed, “but I won’t deny that the conversation is serious and relates to more official matters.”
“Selene, you know I prefer–“
“I know, I know, you like to keep your roles separate, but I’m not looking for an official conversation exactly. More like… clearing up a misunderstanding.”
Wyatt let out a defeated sigh and smiled at his daughter.
“Alright, this one time,” he said, “what is this misunderstanding you want to clear up?”
Selene felt a moment of relief. She had been prepared to fight more just to get the chance to have the conversation. Now she was unsure how exactly to begin.
“Alright,” she began, “let me ask then, would you do anything to protect the pack?”
“Is that something you truly need to ask?” Wyatt questioned, his tone clearly showing he felt insulted.
“I didn’t mean anything by it. It’s just a question,” Selene said nervously.
“There is no such thing as just a question,” Wyatt said, crossing his arms. “So, what is this all about?”
She looked away from him, hesitating.
“Selene,” he called, drawing her attention back to him, “tell me what you wanted to speak with me about. What has made you question my ability to protect this pack?”
“No, no! That wasn’t what I meant at all!” Selene quickly corrected his misunderstanding. “I never thought– ugh….”
She let out a frustrated growl.
‘Alexander got my head all mixed up!’ she thought to herself angrily. ‘That’s not what matters. I need to ask him about upgrading our defenses. If Alexander was honest and Summer is willing to share their technology, we need it!’
“I’m sorry,” she sighed, “I only wanted to ask about some improvements to our defenses.”
“Why didn’t you just say that? Of course, what are you thinking of?” Wyatt replied with relief in his voice.
“Sorry, I wasn’t thinking,” she said.
“So, what did you want to ask about?”
“Well,” Selene began, “while I was in Summer, I did see that many of their defenses were automated.”
Wyatt cleared his throat and sat up stiffly, looking away from her. Selene could see that the mention of Summer had already made him uncomfortable.
“We don’t have that kind of technology, Selene. It’s not what we do.”
“No, but we could,” Selene replied quickly.
“None of our people know anything about those things,” he said.
“But we could learn!” she said. “Just like this exchange, we could send people to Summer, spend some time there learning about construction and installation. After that, we could work out some kind of trade to be able to–”
“No,” he interrupted gruffly.
Wyatt stood from his place on the sofa. Then, moving to his desk, he sorted through the papers there.
“But, Father, think of how much–“ Selene pleaded.
“I said no!” he shouted angrily, slamming his fist on the desk.
Selene felt her body flinch. Neither of them spoke, the air around them thick with tension.
“I don’t understand,” Selene said quietly.
Wyatt raised his head; Selene wasn’t looking at him. Instead, she stared straight forward at the wall.
“Why won’t you consider the options?” she asked.
“It is not our way.”
“Our way?”
“Selene, I am doing what I believe is best for our pack. For our way of life, our traditions.”
“Our traditions? The lives of our people are less important than our traditions?” Selene asked, her voice straining as she began to feel an anger boiling.
“Do not twist my words!” he shouted.
“Was he right?” she asked shakily. The emotional turmoil was growing. Her anger, grief, sorrow, all rolling over each other.
He looked at her with a questioning stare. Finally, she turned to face him, her eyes filled with frustrated tears.
“Did you reject the offers from Summer to advance our security? Our medical facilities?”
Wyatt didn’t respond. The look of surprise and the hint of guilt that crossed over his eyes were enough for Selene.
She took in a ragged breath, feeling a painful grip on her heart.
‘Alexander was right,’ she thought sadly.
“Everything I have ever done has been for the people in my care,” Wyatt said, his voice low and quiet.
“The people in your care have died for what you have done!” she screamed angrily, standing to stare him down.
“That is enough!” he snarled back. “You will show me respect!”
Selene did not flinch this time. Instead, they stared at each other, neither turning away.
“Is that a request from my father or a demand from my Alpha?” she asked bitterly.
“Get out!” he shouted, his low menacing voice vibrating against her like a force trying to bend her will to his own.
Her skin prickled with fire at his tone, a silent demand to submit fought against her resolve, but she did not move.
“Yes, my Alpha,” she replied through gritted teeth before turning and leaving the room as angry tears fell from her eyes.
The door slammed shut behind her, leaving Wyatt alone in his office. Once he could no longer hear her in the building, he relaxed, falling to his knees. His shoulders slumped forward and sagged.
“I’m sorry,” he whispered sadly. He reached his hand to his chest, grabbing hold of the item that hung beneath his shirt. He gripped it tightly as he let the shame roll over him.. “I’m so sorry.”







Chapter 67 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Jackson gathered up the practice weapons when he heard a voice call out.
“Jackson,”
Jackson turned to see Saul. He was surprised and a little confused. They had met a few times, rode back to Winter together two weeks before, but beyond that, there was no real reason for them to socialize.
“Aren’t you taking time off with your family? Didn’t your mate just have a baby?” Jackson asked, turning to give his full attention.


“Yes,” Saul said, holding up a bag, “oatmeal cookies, kale, broccoli, hummus. Foods that encourage lactation.”
Jackson looked at the bag and back at Saul.
“There was no reason for me to know that,” Jackson replied, feeling awkward. “You could have just said you made a grocery run.”
Saul grunted in response.
“What did you need?” Jackson asked with an irritated sigh.
Saul took a step closer.
“When I was at the store, I heard something. One of the scouts was chatting with a few of the younger warriors,” Saul said, looking carefully at Jackson as he spoke. “He was speaking ill of the Summer wolves.”
Jackson did not react. No surprise, no confusion, nothing at all.
“You seem aware of this already,” Saul commented.
“It’s not unheard of. It’s a well-known fact that Summer and Winter are not friends. So why should I be surprised that some of the wolves are expressing their opinions?” Jackson answered uninterestedly.
“This wolf mentioned that Beta Galen and Alpha Alexander specifically were of questionable character,” Saul stated.
“Oh?” Jackson said, raising his eyebrows in feigned shock.
Saul simply nodded in response.
“Saul is there a reason you are talking to me about this in particular.”
“He said that Alpha Alexander behaved inappropriately toward Selene,” Saul replied.


“Really? Well, I’m sure you know by now that he did argue with her before the birthday party.” Jackson answered.
Saul took a step closer, again looking over Jackson carefully.
Jackson stood up straight, feeling irritated by how the other man was looking him over.
“The boy claimed that Beta Galen threatened one of our wolves,” Saul said calmly.
“I hadn’t heard about that. Strange.” Jackson replied, “Again, is there a reason you are sharing this with me? Or is gossip a secret passion of yours?”
“The scout I spoke with is a member of your team,” Saul answered, “as a leader, you are just as responsible for their behavior as they are. I have informed you of their poor conduct. What you do with that is up to you.”
Saul turned to leave.
Jackson felt that simmering rage in him, the one that had been slowly boiling for weeks. Saul turning his back on him, telling him what to do. Who did he think he was?
“How is telling the truth poor conduct?” Jackson asked arrogantly.
Saul turned back, his expression unchanged.
“From what I can tell, nothing my scout said is wrong,” Jackson smiled, “I see no reason to speak well of the Summer wolves. They are arrogant bastards that think they are better than us. So why should I care if someone voices their opinion?”
“Is that your opinion?” Saul asked.
“My opinion is that Alexander is a good for nothing piece of shit! And his lapdog is nothing more than an errand boy chasing after broken dolls.”
“You have no respect,” Saul said, a low growl barely audible in his voice.
“You mean the ‘alpha’ title?” Jackson laughed bitterly, “Why should I respect him? He is not my alpha. He’s just another wolf that needs to learn not to touch what doesn’t belong to him!”
He finished his words with a low growl.
Saul shook his head in disapproval.
“You show no respect for anyone,” Saul replied.
Jackson’s only response was to scoff.
“Keep on the training grounds, and I will not be forced to interfere,” Saul sighed, “I need to get back to my mate and my daughter. Do not take it too far.”
“What the hell are you talking about?” Jackson snarled.
“Your training in respect,” Saul answered, turning and walking away.
Jackson watched him walk away without another word.
‘Old fool,’ he thought to himself. He shook his head before turning his attention back to what he had been doing before Saul’s arrival. He bent to pick up the discarded training bow when he noticed an extra shadow.
He followed the shadow with his eye, landing on the man attached to the shadow. He looked down at Jackson, with eyes aglow and a brazen fury. Before Jackson could react, he was lifted off the ground and held in the air. Now looking down, rather than up, Jackson could clearly identify the frighteningly familiar man.
“You made her cry!” Galen snarled before throwing Jackson roughly back down to the ground.
He fell with a heavy thud and a burst of white hot pain in his shoulder as he hit the ground. Galen moved to slam his fist down against Jackson’s chest, but Jackson rolled away just in time.
He quickly moved, jumping to one of the discarded bows and the training arrows beside it. Then, without taking the time to think, he began firing at Galen immediately.
Galen dodged, being hit only twice. The pain registered, but not enough to stop him. They were training arrows and blunted tips, but they could do some light damage at this range. He threw himself at Jackson, tackling him at the waist, both men slamming into the ground once more.
They tumbled, rolling around the training grounds, kicking and punching each other repeatedly. Finally, Galen took a knee to his jaw, and Jackson managed to scramble away from Galen’s grasp. He crawled just far enough to notice another arrow on the grounds.
Galen reached for him, grabbing his ankle and pulling roughly back. Jackson kicked and turned over onto his knees, almost getting away, but Galen slammed his fist into Jackson’s side. The loud howl of pain pulled from Jackson’s lips was like music to Galen’s ear.
Jackson turned his body suddenly, lifting his foot into the air and catching Galen’s chin, sending him crashing to the ground. Jackson took that moment to run to where he had seen the discarded arrow.
He heard the sound of footsteps running towards him, swiftly he jumped and rolled to the side. Galen missed him by centimeters. Jackson grabbed the arrow and then hurried to get away from Galen.
Galen tackled his legs, once again taking both men down hard against the tarred flooring. Jackson dropped the arrow just above his head before being flipped over onto his back by Galen.
Jackson tried his best to kick Galen off him, but he couldn’t. Instead, Galen had positioned himself on top of Jackson’s leg, holding them steady with the well-formed muscles of his thighs.
“What did you say to her?” Galen demanded, pinning Jackson’s shoulders to the ground.
“What?” Jackson asked, completely surprised by the question.
“You made her cry,” Galen snarled, “what the hell did you do!”
Galen reared up, bringing both fists into the air and back down against Jackson’s stomach. Making a satisfying thudding squish and a painful howl from the pathetic creature below him.
Jackson coughed painfully; his entire body was screaming in agony. He couldn’t move his legs to try and to get away. Galen raised up once more, and Jackson knew it was the only opportunity he would get.
He smiled, then reached his hand back above his head where he knew the arrow had fallen. He grabbed it and slammed his arm forward, stabbing the arrow into Galen’s gut, blood oozing from the wound immediately.
Jackson heard the sickening sound of the flesh tearing and swallowing the arrow into Galen’s body, followed by the gasp that came from Galen’s mouth.
Galen looked down at the wound, confusion and disbelief on his face.
“It wasn’t a practice arrow,” Jackson smiled again, his teeth bloody. “I win.”
“Cheated,” Galen growled, “pathetic.”
Jackson clenched his jaw and shoved the arrow deeper into Galen’s gut, drawing a howl from him.
“Whatever it takes..” Jackson snarled as Galen went limp and fell to the ground beside him.







Chapter 68 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Selene walked the forest path leading to a place every wolf of Winter knew. The trail was decorated in flowers and twinkling lights so that none would ever lose their way.
She reached her hand up to touch one of the twinkling lights as his voice whispered in her ear.
‘…Even when war has broken out between the packs, the power has always been supplied….’
Summer was the reason this path was lit. The reason they could warm their homes and enjoy the comforts offered by electricity.


She sighed before continuing her way along the path. Then, climbing the final steps, a familiar sight came into view. At the end of the lights and flowers was a small archway.
“Blessed be the Goddess that guides the souls of these wolves,” she whispered up to the sky.
Selene made her way across the rows of stone markers, some small decorative stones, some piled up high with decorations. Each of them was unique, representing a wolf of Winter that had left the world.
This place was the Grove of Remembrance. It wasn’t a cemetery exactly; most wolves did not bury their dead, unlike the humans. Each pack had its own customs. For Winter, the body was placed on a pyre and burned. After, the family of the deceased would spend a night in the forest searching for a rock that called to them. They would decorate it in honor of their wolf. The stone was then placed in the grove.
The grove’s location was not by accident. It was unlike any other place in the forest. The undergrowth was minimal. The trees formed an almost perfect circle. And when the moon was full, it shone directly upon this spot, giving it an ethereal glow. As though the Goddess herself had blessed it.
Selene felt a lump in her throat. She was not alone. She watched as a woman stood up from where she had been kneeling in front of the very stones Selene had come to visit. The woman approached her with a soft smile.
She was an older woman; her hair was almost entirely white, and the wrinkles at her eyes and corners of her mouth showed a lifetime of laughter.
“Hello, Miss Selene,” she smiled softly.
“Hello…” Selene replied. She did not know her name, she had seen her before, but she didn’t know when or where.
“It’s ok. I don’t expect you to know my name, child. But, it doesn’t matter anyway,” she laughed, “may I ask, have you come to see them again?”
The old woman indicated the stones she had just come from. Selene nodded.
“How did you know?” Selene asked.
The old woman smiled.
“My granddaughter is the one in the middle, to her right, her mate, and to the left, my son, her father,” she said sadly. “I come to see them every day.”
Selene was shocked. The path to the Grove was not an easy one. But this woman came every day?


“I have seen you visiting them all,” she continued, smiling once more.
Selene looked back to the stone markers. Eleven stones were placed side by side. The families could have put them anywhere they wanted. Instead, they chose to keep them all together.
“Do you feel connected to them?” the old woman asked.
“Yes,” Selene replied sadly, absently touching the spot on her arm that would remain scarred for the rest of her life.
“You are the only one,” the old woman said woefully, “there were five others that survived the wolfsbane, but you are the only one that has ever come to see the ones that didn’t.”
Selene closed her eyes. The guilt in her heart was growing again. The old woman reached a hand to Selene’s shoulder and smiled.
“My granddaughter thought you were the most amazing person she had ever seen. She was at each of your challenges. Each win made her cheer louder and louder. She was older than you by almost ten years, but you were her hero,” she laughed, “she would be happy to know that you visited her.”
“I’m sorry,” Selene whispered softly, tears falling from her eyes.
The old woman reached a hand up and wiped the tears away.
“Oh, my dear,” she said softly, “hush now, it’s not your fault. It was a terrible thing, an unprovoked attack, but what could any of us have done differently?”
‘…the suits were offered. Whether they were accepted was up to their Alpha….’ his words haunted her in this sacred place.
“Something… we could have done something,” Selene whispered painfully.
The old woman remained by her side for another twenty minutes, neither saying anything more. Together they offered their silent prayers and their tears to the fallen.
When she left the Grove, Selene could only think of the way she had treated Alexander, how she had yelled at him and called him arrogant. Accused him of lying about her father. She had been so sure that he was lying.
But he wasn’t lying; he had never lied to her. On the contrary, Alexander had been open with her since they met, and she had always assumed the worst in him.
‘I’m sorry,’ she thought to herself, ‘I’m sorry for mistreating you.’
She bit her bottom lip; her heart and mind were at war once again.
‘One moment,’ she thought to herself, ‘just one.’
Selene closed her eyes. She thought of him, remembered him. His scent, the sound of his voice, the look in his eyes. He was out there, across the land and sky many, many miles away in Summer. He was there.
She tried to imagine him and remember the feeling of holding him in her arms. A comforting warmth began to fill her every sense. He was with her; she could feel it.
“I miss you,” she called out to him.
***
Alexander sat at his desk, looking over his speech once more. It was only an hour until the memorial. He needed to be prepared and focused.
Fiona had just left only moments ago; she was more than happy to accept his request to host Galen for the memorial. He smiled to himself, thinking how his mother favored Galen so shamelessly.
‘If he were a lesser man, I would never allow it,’ Alexander thought to himself with a chuckle.
Suddenly Alexander felt a warmth flowing over his skin. A delicate, sweet scent in the air pulled him up from his chair. He knew that scent better than any other in this world.
“Selene…” he whispered to himself, closing his eyes and breathing her scent in deeply.
‘I miss you,’ her voice whispered in his ear. He gasped in surprise, his heart racing with excitement and anticipation.
He turned quickly, expecting her to be behind him. But just as suddenly as it had come, the feeling, the scent, the warmth, was gone.
Alexander let out a ragged breath. He hit his fist to his chest painfully, again and again. Until the surge of emotion, the longing began to subside.
Once he had caught his breath, he pulled out his phone and dialed a number.
“Raj!” he hollered as the phone was answered. “I told you to shut off the damn guided imagery augment until it has been updated!”
The voice on the other end answered with confusion and insistence.
“Then why the hell is the fucking program still randomly turning itself on!” Alexander shouted angrily. His heart was aching, his head was muddled. “Fix it!”
Alexander slammed the phone down on his desk before slumping back into his chair, staring up at the ceiling.
He sat quietly, trying to focus his mind again, but her smile, hazel eyes, and honey blonde hair were all he could see. His mind was filled with her laughter, her fire.
Alexander turned his chair to look out his window. Then, he stood up, staring off to the north.
‘I’m so pathetic,’ he sighed to himself, ‘but, Goddess, I miss you so much….’
***
‘Selene…’, his voice played in her mind like a joyful melody.
‘Alexander…’ she smiled brightly, her heart overwhelmed with emotion.
“Selene!” a voice from behind her called out. Shattering the warmth and comfort that had surrounded her in an instant.
She lifted her head and looked to see one of the warriors staring at her.
“Yes?” she called back, her voice shaking.
Her entire body was still tingling, a sensation she didn’t understand.
“You have to come right away!”
“Why? What’s going on?” she asked.
“It’s Jackson. He’s been taken to the hospital!”







Chapter 69 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
After spending about an hour with Axel chatting and munching on candy bars, Bell had to get to the hospital. She had expected Galen to show up, he asked to walk her to work, and he knew where she was. But he never came.
‘I wonder what happened?’ she thought to herself.
Galen wasn’t the type to break his word for no reason. She sent him a message but hadn’t received a reply. Walking between patient rooms, she continued to wonder about him.
“Seriously?!” someone shouted from the nurse’s station ahead.


Curiosity led Bell to go investigate.
“What’s up?” Bell asked, setting a chart down on the counter.
The nurse at the desk turned and looked at her, then turned back to the other nurse she had been chatting with. They exchanged glances that told Bell they weren’t sure if they should tell her something. She knew immediately it must be some juicy gossip.
“Spill it. I will find out whatever it is eventually anyway,” Bell laughed.
“Uh… ok,” the nurse closest to Bell spoke, “I just heard that Jackson and the Summer wolf are being brought in.”
“What?!” Bell shouted, her heart jumping into her throat. “What happened!?”
“They got into a fight,” the other nurse said, “One of the patrols was coming off duty and went to return some equipment to the training grounds. They were both passed out and covered in blood… that’s all we know.”
Bell took off running down the hall, heading straight for the emergency department.
‘You idiot! You better be ok!’ she shouted in her mind.
She almost knocked over at least three different people, shouting apologies back over her shoulder as she rounded corners and hurried down corridors.
The doors to the Emergency department gave way to her without difficulty. She looked around for any sign of him, anything to show her where he was.
“I’m fine.”
She heard the familiar voice, like a beacon calling out to her in the darkness. Rushing over, she gasped at the sight.
Galen sat on the bed, his back to her. Her eyes trailed over the exposed flesh. He had several large scars across his back. Some she recognized as claw marks, others she couldn’t identify. But one thing she recognized immediately was the bloody arrow that stuck out from his lower abdomen.
“What the hell happened?” she asked.


Galen stiffened.
He didn’t answer.
‘He’s ok,’ she told herself. Bell swallowed the fear that had been building as she ran towards him.
She straightened up and walked to the small sink near him. She washed and dried her hands before putting on a pair of gloves.
“I’ve got this one,” she smiled at the nurse that had been looking him over.
The nurse gave her a questioning look before giving a small smile and leaving the exam area, closing the curtain behind her.
Bell turned her attention to Galen; he wore a stern expression but avoided her eyes.
‘Why isn’t he looking at me?’ she asked herself.
“So,” she said, “what happened?”
“Disagreement,” Galen answered.
Bell looked down at the arrow sticking out of him.
“Seems like a big one.”
He didn’t respond.
Bell proceeded to give him a basic exam. First, she checked for injuries beyond the obvious ones. She ran her hand along his chin, his throat, his shoulders. She looked for signs of breaks or swelling, breathing a sigh of relief when she found nothing of note.
All in all, he was in great shape. The only signs of him having received any blows were some dried blood patches in his beard and, of course, the arrow.
“Is this just an excuse to have your shirt off in front of me?” she attempted to lighten the mood, “because I gotta say, I’m not hating it.”
No response. Bell felt a twinge in her chest. She swallowed and tried to keep the smile on her face.
“If you wanted to play doctor so badly, you could have just told me,” she whispered playfully, tracing a hand down his chest.
He didn’t stop her hand or even react to it. He only looked away from her. Her jaw clenched in a frustration built on fear and concern.
“What’s wrong?” she asked.
“You’re the doctor. The wound seems obvious to me,” Galen replied.
“No,” she said, reaching up and placing her hands on either side of his face. Finally, she forced him to turn and look at her.
Their eyes met, and she saw that he was guarding. He was trying to put up walls between them.
“What’s wrong between us?” she asked softly.
Galen felt the tug on his heart like a cold hand wrapping around his throat, slowly strangling the life out of him. He saw the sadness and worry in her eyes.
His hand had come up over hers before he had a chance to think about it.
“Talk to me,” she pleaded. Her eyes held a warmth he craved.
“I–“ Galen started to answer but was interrupted by the sound of the emergency doors flying open and the shouting that followed.
“Jackson! Jackson! Where is he?!” Selene cried out, running to each exam room and then the next looking for her mate. “Jackson!”
“Selene…?” a voice called weakly.
Selene ran towards the room the voice had come from. She stopped in her tracks at the sight of him.
Purple and blue bruises covered his chest and the side of his body. Patches of dried blood on his face, his chest, his stomach. His arm was in a sling, and when he smiled at her, she could see that his teeth were tinted bloody.
She had sprinted straight to the hospital when she was told. Hardly having a moment to think of what kind of shape she would find him in, only hoping to find him at all. But instead, she was shocked and horrified by what she saw.
“Selene…” he called out to her, smiling weakly.
“Jackson…” she said softly, walking towards him, tears filling her eyes. “Baby, are you ok?”
He moved to try to sit up, hissing with the movement. Selene ran to his side.
“Don’t move! Don’t move,” she said, reaching for him.
“I’m ok,” he said weakly, laying back in the bed and looking up at her. “Just a little rough around the edges.”
Selene couldn’t believe what she was seeing. How could this have happened? It had only been a couple of hours since she had seen him.
“What happened?” she asked.
“It was Galen,” he sighed, grimacing as he adjusted once more.
“What?” Selene said, confused by what he said.
From the room next door, Bell heard the exchange.
‘Bastard!’ she thought to herself, ‘he’s going to blame it all on Galen!’
“I’ll be right back,” she said softly to Galen, who only looked away in response.
She pulled away from him, but he grabbed her hand, stopping her in her tracks.
“Don’t,” he said.
“I’m just going to go check on something. I’ll be right back,” Bell smiled.
“Let it go,” he insisted.
Bell sighed. She moved back beside him, talking low so only he could hear.
“I need to make sure he doesn’t lie about you. That he doesn’t convince her of something….”
“He’s right,” Galen said, finally looking at her once more. “I attacked him.”
Bell looked carefully at him, she could see he was telling the truth, but there was something more he wasn’t sharing.
“He deserved it,” she said.
“You don’t even know what happened.”
“I don’t need to. If you felt like you had to attack him, he did something to deserve it,” she stated firmly.
They looked into each other’s eyes, a thousand words passing between them silently. Neither willing to say what they wanted to say.
‘Don’t show me care if you don’t mean it.,’ he pleaded in his heart. He looked away from her painfully.
“Galen…” Bell whispered, unsure what she wanted to say.
Galen lifted his eyes. He caught sight of the time.
‘The memorial…’ he thought to himself, moving to stand.
“What are you doing?” Bell asked, trying to stop him.
“I have to be somewhere,” Galen said.
“Yea,” Bell said quickly, “right here. You have an arrow sticking out of you. First, I need to treat and disinfect the wound.”
Galen looked down at the end of the arrow. Then, he reached out and grabbed a bottle of antiseptic and two large bandages.
“What…what are you doing?” Bell stumbled to ask as he moved around her.
Before she could do anything about it, he grabbed the base of the arrow and broke off the end, dropping it on the table beside him.
“Galen… don’t!” she cried out as she realized what he was doing.
Galen reached back and grabbed the head of the arrow. He quickly pulled it through his abdomen and out the back with a grunt. Next, Galen opened the bottle of antiseptic and poured it on himself at both sides of the wound before quickly placing the bandage on the front. When he tried to put the back one on, he struggled. Then, glancing up at Bell, he offered it to her.
She stared at his hand and back at the wound in disbelief. Then, she angrily took the bandage and moved behind him, slapping the bandage and drawing a hiss from him.
“Idiot,” she said softly.
“It was through and through. Nothing was hit, or I would have already shown signs of infection or internal bleeding.” Galen sighed.
“You couldn’t have known for sure,” she growled. “Not to mention the arrow itself could cause an infection, and pulling it out like that could have caused damage!”
She was angry. Deep in his heart, he smiled.
“I will get checked later,” he promised, “but now, I have somewhere I need to be.”
Bell felt frustrated, but she knew he meant it. She nodded. He grabbed his shirt and put it on before he went, leaving her alone in the empty room.
From Jackson’s room, Bell could hear that Selene was getting upset.
“How could he do this?!” Selene shouted angrily.
Selene’s thoughts were muddled. Rational thinking held no place in her mind right now. Her concern for Jackson, the shock of his appearance, was all she could see.
“I don’t know, it happened so fast… I couldn’t do anything… He just came after me.” Jackson’s voice was shaky, taking tiny gasping breaths between his words.
Bell growled. She stood up from her chair and grabbed the pieces of the arrow. Then, shoving the curtain aside, she strode straight into Jackson’s room.
“Couldn’t do anything, huh?” Bell retorted, slamming the bloody pieces of the arrow down on the tray that sat beside Jackson’s bed.







Chapter 70 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
“What is that?” Selene asked, staring at the pieces of the bloody arrow.
“Oh, that?” Bell asked with a bright smile. She tilted her head to the side and looked at Jackson as she answered. “That’s the arrow that was pulled out of Galen’s abdomen. Ya know, the one that Jackson shot him with?”
Selene gasped.
“I didn’t shoot him,” Jackson replied.


“Bullshit!” Bell shouted angrily, gripping her hands on the railing of the bed.
“Bell!” Selene shouted back.
Selene jumped up, blocking Bell’s view of Jackson, who smiled at the action.
“You need to calm down,” Selene said, a low warning growl emanating from her throat, “Jackson isn’t well!’
Bell pulled back, looking her friend up and down.
“You have no idea.” Bell scoffed, glaring at Jackson over Selene’s shoulder.
“I didn’t shoot him, Bell,” Jackson said quietly, sadly. Then, peeking around Selene to look at Bell, he mouthed the words ‘I stabbed him,’ followed by an aggressive stabbing motion and a twisted smile.
“You bastard!” Bell snarled, lunging for him.
Selene was quick. She threw herself against Bell, knocking her friend back across the room to slam her against the wall with a heavy thud and a cry of pain.
“Bell?” Selene called out when she realized what had happened.
As she was about to move towards Bell, two nurses came running into the room. The first immediately went to Bell. The other stood between the two friends, attempting to protect one from the other.
“Selene,” Jackson called out, his voice weak again. “Is she ok?”
Selene moved back to Jackson’s side. She took his hand and looked back towards Bell.
“I don’t know.”
After another moment, the nurses helped Bell to her feet. Selene moved to stand, but Jackson’s hand held her back. She looked at him to see if something was wrong, but his eyes were closed.


“Jackson?” she called, “are you ok?”
“Sorry,” he said softly, as his eyes fluttered open. He smiled weakly, “just feeling a little dizzy is all.”
Selene sat back down beside him. She reached out and touched his hair, concerned that he had a concussion or head trauma of some kind.
As Selene carefully looked over her mate, he glanced at the door, watching Bell leave the room. Their eyes met.
‘She is mine; she will always be mine.’
No words had been said out loud, but somehow, Bell understood his eyes clearly. Although she felt a cold shiver run down her spine, she could only sigh sadly as she was led away without so much as a glance from her friend.
Jackson smiled to himself as Bell left his view.
Selene glanced back when she was sure she didn’t see any wounds on his head, but Bell was already gone.
‘I need to check on her,’ she stood to go after her.
“Selene…” Jackson called her.
“Yes?”
“Don’t leave me,” Jackson pleaded miserably.
Selene sat back down beside him.
“Of course not,” she smiled. Then, looking back up at the door once more, she sighed.
***
Jackson had fallen asleep not long after Bell had left, but each time Selene moved to get up, he would stir. In the end, she stayed beside him for the two hours he napped. When Jackson opened his eyes, he was pleased to see her still beside him, still holding his hand.
‘Right where you are supposed to be,’ he thought to himself as he touched her cheek softly.
She was asleep, and she shivered slightly at the touch. Jackson carefully pulled his hand from hers and got up from the bed. He lifted her and laid her down, covering her with a blanket.
There was a light knock at the door. Jackson turned to see Alpha Wyatt standing there. He put a finger to his mouth to show that he wanted them to be quiet and then pointed to the hall.
They walked out together, leaving Selene to rest.
“My Alpha,” Jackson said, saluting him properly. “It’s a pleasure to see you, sir.”
“I’m glad to see you are doing well, Jackson. I heard that there was an incident between you and Beta Galen. I thought I should look into it myself.”
“Yes…” Jackson said, turning his gaze away nervously.
“What is it?” Wyatt asked.
Jackson looked around them, and there were nurses in either direction.
“Maybe we should talk in a more private place?” Jackson suggested.
Wyatt looked around and then nodded, they found an empty patient room nearby and ducked inside, closing the door behind them.
Wyatt turned to face Jackson; his look was serious.
“Why did we need to speak privately?” he asked.
“My Alpha,” Jackson began, “The incident with Beta Galen, I don’t feel comfortable with the details being made public.”
“Why is that?” Wyatt asked, crossing his arms, “surely, it’s not a pride thing? So, you took a bit of a beating. Galen is well known for his combat skills.”
“No, sir,” Jackson quickly said, “it’s not about that at all, though there is a level of pride involved.”
“Speak,” Wyatt said.
“My Alpha,” Jackson sighed, “Beta Galen and I disagreed about Selene.”
Jackson moved away as though he felt uncomfortable with the topic.
“Honestly, there was something that I wasn’t completely honest about when we spoke of Alpha Alexander the other day,” Jackson said sadly.
“What do you mean?” Wyatt asked, stepping closer.
“As I said, there was a matter of pride. I didn’t want to admit to you that Selene had been influenced by Alpha Alexander.”
“Influenced?” Wyatt asked. “Influenced how?”
Jackson once more looked away from Wyatt as though he were suffering something that weighed heavily on him.
“Alpha Alexander is an attractive and charming man. Many women have found him to be quite irresistible. In her time at Summer, it seems that Selene grew fond of him,”
“What are you saying!” Wyatt snarled.
Jackson dropped to his knee and lowered his head in submission.
“My Alpha, I… I… I mean, no offense… she is my mate!” Jackson stammered.
“Then what the hell do you mean by this!”
“When I met Selene and the Summer wolves at the campsite between the packs, I saw Alpha Alexander and Selene standing together under the moonlight. He whispered to her, and she smiled at him. He touched her arm, and she flushed shyly.” Jackson growled.
Though the image he painted had not happened, even imagining it drove him crazy.
“I called out to her before things went any further, and she apologized. She said she didn’t know what had come over her. So we have made up; we are trying to move forward.”
“She has a mate!” Wyatt growled. “How could she allow herself to be so close to another wolf!”
“Please, my Alpha, Selene is well aware of her mistake. She knows that she has done wrong. She will make it right.”
Wyatt growled and paced around the room angrily.
“What does this have to do with Galen and your fight?”
“My Alpha, I was a fool.” Jackson began, “I approached Beta Galen. I indicated that Alpha Alexander’s behavior towards Selene could cause even more of a problem between our packs. I suggested he speak with him about it.”
“And?” Wyatt asked, “What was his answer?”
“He laughed and told me that Alpha Alexander could have whatever he wanted, and then he attacked me.”
“This doesn’t make sense,” Wyatt said in frustration, “this is nothing like the Alexander I know or even Galen. Alpha Cain always spoke so highly of him.”
“It seems that Alpha Alexander is not who you think he is, and maybe Galen is influenced by his alpha. His violent and womanizing ways are probably learned behaviors from Alexander.” Jackson stated.
“What do you mean? Has Galen made attempts at women here?” Wyatt demanded.
“Oh, uh…” Jackson feigned his nervousness once more. “I hesitate to say anything because I know she is a close friend of the family, though that is also the reason I feel I should.”
“Just say it already, enough.” Wyatt reached a hand up to his head. It had started to ache.
“It seems that Galen has set his sights on Bell.”
Alpha Wyatt turned slowly to face Jackson, and for the first time in the conversation, Jackson took him seriously.. The dark look in his eyes sent a chill down Jackson’s spine unlike any he had ever experienced before.







Chapter 71 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Selene woke just as Jackson came back into the room.
“Jackson? Are you ok? Where did you go?” she asked as she quickly got up and rushed to him.
Jackson opened his arms to her, hugging her tightly.
“Your dad stopped by. I didn’t want to wake you, so we chatted in the hallway.”


“Jackson, you’re the patient, not me! You should have stayed in bed. What if you got dizzy again?”
“I’m fine, Selene,” he smiled, happy to hear the concern in her voice.
Selene pulled back and looked him up and down. Thankfully, the bruises were already starting to fade.
“Well, you do look better than you did earlier, and you seem to have more energy.”
“Benefits of our fast healing nature,” Jackson winked.
Selene smiled back, though she found it curious how fast he was healing. He seemed barely able to lift his head earlier. Now the only sign there was something wrong was the bruising.
“Jackson,” she said, pulling him to sit on the bed, “don’t you think you should tell me what this was all about?”
Jackson looked away.
“I don’t know if that’s a good idea, Selene,” he answered sadly.
“Why?”
“Because I don’t want you to blame me,” he sighed.
“What do you mean?” she asked. “Didn’t you say that Galen attacked you? Are you saying he didn’t now?”
“This is what I mean, Selene.” Jackson sighed, pulling away from her.
“I don’t understand.”
“You’re already questioning me; already think I’m lying,” he said, hunching his shoulders with a heavy sigh.


“No,” Selene quickly replied, putting a hand on his shoulder, “I didn’t mean it like that, just that… I’m sorry. Please, just tell me what happened. I promise I won’t blame you.”
“You’re not going to believe me; you’ll just say I’m being jealous and misunderstanding.”
“Jackson, just talk to me, please,” Selene pleaded, pulling on his shoulder to make him look at her.
After a long moment, Jackson nodded and took a deep breath.
“I was cleaning up at the training grounds. Saul stopped by to talk to me about some of the scouts acting up. I told him I’d take care of it, and then he went home. So I went back to cleaning up. Suddenly out of nowhere, I was being thrown to the ground. I tried to get back up, but he hit me again and again.
“He lifted me up, held me in the air like I was nothing. A ragdoll he could just toss around however he wanted.”
Jackson looked away from her as though the memory were painful. Selene felt an aching grip on her heart.
“It’s ok, take your time,” she said, comforting him with a gentle hand on his back.
“I tried to talk to him, tried to ask him why… he said… he said… he was teaching me a lesson in respect.”
“What?” Selene was shocked and confused. “What does that mean?”
“He threw me around, pounding my chest with his fists. Then, finally, I managed to get away from him. I grabbed a bow and some of the practice arrows; I shot at him, just hoping to get him to stop so we could talk. But he just kept coming.”
Jackson stopped and closed his eyes.
“I tried to run; he caught my legs, slammed me to the ground, and then climbed on top of me. He was stronger than I expected, much stronger. He held me down with ease. I was terrified.”
Selene felt a tear run down her cheek. He had gone through so much; she thought they had just taken a sparring match too far. She put her arm around him and laid her head on his shoulder.
“That’s when he explained what he meant by teaching me a lesson in respect.”
Selene looked up at him. Sad anger settled into his eyes.
“He said I was just another wolf that needs to learn not to touch what doesn’t belong to me.”
Selene pulled back, her brows furrowed, and she shook her head in disbelief.
“I knew you wouldn’t believe me….” Jackson said quietly, turning away from her and looking to the floor.
She got down on the ground before him, putting her hands on his knees. She looked up and caught his eyes.
“No, Jackson, that’s not it! I believe you, baby, I do. I can see how hard this was on you,” she said, “I’m just confused, is all. I don’t understand why he would do that or even say that!”
“It seems obvious to me,” Jackson said. “He did it because Alexander told him to.”
Selene tried to hold back her reaction, mask her doubt and anger at his accusation, but he saw it.
“It’s the only thing that makes sense, Selene,” Jackson said softly, “I mean, he did walk in on us in a pretty intimate situation.”
She looked away, casting her eyes on the floor. Jackson assumed she felt shy, remembering the day that Galen had walked in on them. At that time, Jackson had his hands all over her, kissing and caressing her.
He couldn’t stop the slight, satisfied grin that crept over his face at the memory. Knowing Galen was about to enter the room, smelling his disgusting Summer scent, Jackson made sure to put on a good show that day.
Selene was embarrassed.
‘You told me before that you would never be our Luna. I should have listened to you then.’ Galen’s words had burned themselves into her mind. Repeating again and again. Reminding her that she had let him down.
She shouldn’t have cared, but she did.
Jackson looked at her again, expecting to see the embarrassment, the shyness. But, instead, he saw something that infuriated him. It was regret and guilt.
“He told me he was protecting Alexander’s property,” he said, “that he was going to make sure I couldn’t touch you ever again.”
Selene looked back up at him now.
“Bell was right,” Jackson admitted sadly, “I did hurt him.”
“What?” Selene asked.
“When he was on top of me when he said that… I thought he would kill me, Selene, the look he had, the glow in his eyes… “ Jackson closed his eyes, and once more, he played the part of the victim, and Selene believed him.
“Baby…” she whispered, reaching a hand to his cheek.
He looked at her through tear-filled eyes.
“I swear, Selene, I thought it was a practice arrow!” he cried out, “I just meant to surprise him, to hit him and make him lose focus long enough that I could get away. I didn’t mean to hurt him! Not really.”
Jackson began to sob. Selene stood up and wrapped her arms around him, kissing his head and telling him she understood. Soothing him with her voice.
She comforted him for half an hour, laying in the bed beside him and falling asleep in his arms.
Jackson looked down at her as she slept, her face curled into his chest. He smiled and ran his index finger tenderly down her cheek.
“I’ll never let you go,” he whispered. Bending down to kiss her forehead, she shivered. He pulled her closer.
‘You are mine, and mine alone,’ he whispered to her in his mind.. ‘Whether you stay with me in this life or go with me to the next.’







Chapter 72 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
After the memorial, Alexander returned to his room with a drink in hand.
He stood on his patio, letting the warm breeze rush over his skin. The air was filled with smoke from the funeral pyres. They would burn all night long, and the families of each of the wolves that died would stay beside the fire until the last ember went out.
He leaned forward on the railing. Closing his eyes, he let out a deep and weighted sigh.
Alexander thought of Selene. He missed her, just being near her gave him energy. Even without the stress and loss of the last two weeks, being away from her was draining on him.


Seeing her again, he needed it. Even if it was indeed the last time, he needed it.
There was a knock on his door.
“Come in,” he called into the room. He pushed himself off the railing and walked back inside just as Fiona closed the door behind her.
“Mother,” he said, a soft greeting as he set down the yet untouched glass of whiskey.
“Son,” she smiled back.
He chuckled and led her to the small sitting area of his room.
“What brings you here this evening?” he asked.
“I wanted to check in on you. I know tonight was hard.”
“Harder on the families.”
“Alexander, don’t play the stoic leader for me,” Fiona said. “I was by your father’s side even before he became Alpha. I know the toll it takes on you to lose even one member of this pack.”
Alexander looked away, his eyes falling on the glass he had put down earlier.
“You won’t find the relief you need there,” Fiona stated.
Alexander chuckled and closed his eyes, running his fingers through his hair.
“And where will I find it?” he asked casually.
“I suspect Winter,” she stated plainly.


Alexander’s eyes shot open, he turned to her, and she gave him a knowing and playful grin.
“Damn it, Galen,” he sighed as he rolled his eyes.
“Oh, don’t blame him,” Fiona laughed, “I have other sources, namely my moping child.”
“What?” Alexander asked, sitting up straight.
“Ever since the Blood Moon, you have acted strange. Then you suddenly decided to attend the birthday party in Winter. Finally, when that girl arrived, oh my, the tension….” Fiona brought her hand to her mouth in a dramatic chef’s kiss.
Alexander sunk in his chair. He wondered how he could have been so easy to read?
“I got confirmation out of Galen only after I pushed all the evidence at him. So you can’t blame him.”
“I can,” Alexander growled lazily.
“You better not!” Fiona replied, hitting his leg playfully. “He’s a good boy.”
“Yea, yea, I know. Your precious boy.”
“You are both my precious boys,” Fiona laughed.
Alexander smiled and leaned back in his chair. It wasn’t so bad that she knew about Selene. It made her happy. However, he would need to clarify to her that Selene would never be his.
Fiona cleared her throat.
“What?” Alexander sighed.
“Well?” she asked.
“Well…? What?” he laughed, sitting up.
Fiona rolled her eyes.
“What are you still doing here?”
“It’s my room…?”
“Don’t play dumb!” Fiona growled.
Alexander sat up. He sighed as he looked up at her.
“Mom… you need to know something.”
“No,” she said, “I don’t.”
“Yes, you do,” he said firmly, “Yes, Selene is my mate–”
“Good, go get her,” Fiona said.
“But, it’s–“ Alexander began.
“I know, I know. It’s complicated. Galen said as much,” Fiona sighed. “But that doesn’t make it impossible.”
Fiona stood up suddenly and walked over to his undrunk whiskey.
“What are you doing?” he asked.
“You won’t be needing this,” she said.
He watched in surprise as she picked up the whiskey and tipped it back in one gulp.
“Aah!” she hissed at the satisfying burn that traveled down her throat.
Fiona walked back over to Alexander, leaning over to kiss him on the head.
“Have a safe drive, my precious boy,” she said sweetly before walking to the door and leaving Alexander in his empty room.
He stared at the door for a moment before he let out a stunned laugh. Within the hour, he was speeding down the highway leading to Winter.
***
Galen had a hard time that night. A lot was going on in his mind, leaving little room for sleep to settle over him. He still hadn’t worked through the feelings of jealousy he had experienced over Bell or the emotions stirred by the memorial. The fight with Jackson was the least of his concerns, but a concern still.
He left his dorm as soon as the sun began to rise. Opting to go for a run to clear his head.
Upon returning, he was surprised by a voice calling out to him.
“Galen!” she shouted, “Hey!”
He turned around to find the root of his sleepless night running toward him. But, as she caught up to him, she was out of breath.
“Hey…” she huffed. “You’re fast,” With her hands on her hips, she bent over, trying to catch her breath.
Galen did not respond.
Bell looked up at him. Her face was flushed from the effort of chasing after him.
“Not in a talking mood?” she asked.
“Alpha Alexander will be arriving tonight; I have a lot to prepare,” he replied. “If there is nothing else, I should go.”
He moved to turn away from her, she reached out to stop him.
“Hey!” she shouted, moving in his path. “What exactly is your problem?”
“I don’t have a problem,” he grumbled, “I told you, I have things to do.”
“Right, right. Too busy to get treated,” Bell said, quickly reaching out and flicking him where she knew his shirt hid the arrow wound. He groaned painfully.
“It’s fine, Bell,” he grunted, “no need for you to worry about it.”
“Of course, I’m worried about it,” she said, “you were stabbed, and then you didn’t get it healed properly!”
She reached for the wound again. This time Galen stopped her hand, holding it at the wrist.
“It’s really unnecessary for you to worry about. I have been trained in basic wound care. It’s being handled.”
He dropped her hand and once more moved to walk past her.
“What did I do, Galen?” she called out sadly. “Why are you suddenly so cold to me?”
He stopped; it was agonizing to hear the sadness in her voice. He was about to turn, to offer her comfort. But the image of her wrapped in Axel’s arms came to the forefront of his mind. He was unable to hold back the jealousy he felt anymore.
“If you’re looking for warmth, maybe you should go find Axel,” Galen growled as he continued to walk away from her.
Bell stopped walking. She watched him, her head and heart swirling with different thoughts and feelings. Anger, sadness, disappointment. The swirling emotions jumbled into a chaotic shout screaming in her mind.
Galen was too angry now to feel the guilt over his words. His rational thoughts were being completely ignored by his current state of mind.
‘You have no right to be so angry!’
‘She owes you nothing!’
‘She doesn’t deserve this!’
Slowly the thoughts were breaking through his anger. Then, right as he was considering his hasty action, he was stunned by the cold, wet slush of a snowball hitting the back of his head and sliding down his shirt.
He turned around, only to receive a fresh snowball straight to the face.
“You big, dumb, baby!” Bell screamed as she pulled her arm back to launch yet another snowball towards Galen’s shocked face.







Chapter 73 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Once more, Galen felt the cold splat of a snowball smashing into his face.
“Bell! What the hell–” Galen shouted, interrupted by yet another snowball. Luckily, he managed to turn his head just in time to avoid getting any snow in his mouth.
He growled and turned back to her. She stood smirking, holding another snowball, prepared to throw it at any moment.
“Don’t you dare,” he growled.


“Oh?” she cocked her head to the side with a sarcastic smile. “Now, you want to talk?”
Bell pulled back and launched the snowball at Galen. He dodged it only to find another already speeding towards him.
“Damn it!” he shouted as his attempt to dodge the second volley was thwarted, and he was left covered in more of the slush.
“Bell, can you please–” his words were cut off by the next snowball to hit his face. This time, his mouth was unfortunately opened.
He coughed out the dirt-covered slush.
“Ok, ok,” he said, putting a hand up toward Bell as he continued trying to spit out the last of the slush, “I’m sorry that I was being rude.”
“Is that all?” she asked.
Galen looked up at her, confused at what it was she expected from him. Instead, he found a look of sadness and anger staring back at him.
“What else?” he asked helplessly.
Bell let out an annoyed huff, drawing her arm back and yet again pelting him with more snowballs.
“Don’t! Make! Assumptions!!” she screamed with each new volley.
She threw so many at one time, Galen was overwhelmed, getting down on one knee to brace himself. When the attack suddenly stopped, he hesitated to look up. But when he did, he found her panting, exhausted from the energy she had used in her assault. Her face was flushed and upset.
“Do you know… what happens… when you assume?” she huffed out.
Galen furrowed his brows, not understanding.
“You make an ASS out of U,” she stated.


He remembered the saying now, ‘when you assume you make an ASS out of U and ME.’
“And me,” he offered.
“Exactly!” she shouted, hitting him with one more snowball. “You are an ass!”
The snowball hit him, and for the first time, it didn’t feel like a wet slushy mess crawling down his shirt. It didn’t feel like an icy bullet being shot at him with the intent to harm. No, this time, it felt like a message. A sad, hurt message from someone who cared.
He smiled.
“What the hell are you smiling about?!” Bell demanded, “Ok, I see, you haven’t had enough? Fine!”
Bell bent down, gathering a rather large mound of dirt and snow and rolling it together into a lumpy ball. Then, she lifted it up above her head.
“Now, you’ve asked fo–”
The cold hit her first, the slightly painful stabs of ice against her skin. Then it was the slushy wet feeling sliding down her face. Then, before she had a chance to fully react to the snowball Galen had thrown at her, her own messy ball held high above her head caved in and covered her in even more of the powdery snow.
Galen burst out into laughter. He couldn’t help it; the scene was simply too much to hold back from.
From this point, the inevitable was all that could happen. Once Galen’s laughter had been interrupted due to a counterattack from Bell. An all-out war broke out between the two.
For the next ten minutes, they lobbed snowballs at each other between fits of laughter. Then, running and ducking, dodging and diving.
Finally, Galen raised his arms in the air shouting for a truce. While he had plenty of ammo left, and the energy to keep going, the wound had started to ache, and he knew it was time to stop.
“Terms of surrender are as follows,” Bell said as she approached him. She still held a snowball at the ready, just in case. “One, you will agree to answer all of my questions. Two, you will come to the hospital this afternoon for a proper check-up on that wound.”
“Seriously, it’s not necessary,” Galen interrupted.
“Three! You will admit that I am right in all things and comply with my every whim,” Bell said with a bright smile.
Galen couldn’t help but smile at her.
‘You’re so damn cute,’ he whispered in his thoughts.
He bit his lower lip before saying, “All your whims, huh?”
Bell felt the heat rush through her.
‘She actually blushed,’ the thought excited him.
“And what if I only accept one of your demands or two,” he asked.
“Well then,” she replied, recovering from her moment of embarrassment, “the war continues.”
She raised the snowball high in the air, preparing to launch it.
“Guess I’ll just capture your General then!” Galen shouted as he reached forward and wrapped his arms around her waist, pulling her towards him.
They fell back into the snow together, tumbling down with tickling and laughter. It was the most fun either of them had had for as long as they could remember.
When they both grew tired, they agreed to call the war off. Galen decided to get his wound checked out, and Bell agreed to be the one to do it.
After the truce was agreed to, they continued to lay in the snow staring up at the sky above, holding hands, pretending not to realize it.
“So…. Now that we have both ‘cooled off,’” Bell began, drawing a light chuckle from Galen, “are you going to tell me what you think you know or saw, or imagined about Axel?”
Galen sighed.
“You knew I was going to ask; you should have been preparing for this the whole time,” she said playfully.
“How was I supposed to know I needed to prepare; I was busy winning a war.”
“Uh, you didn’t win. I allowed for your surrender.”
“I captured you.”
“Do you want to start this again, or are you going to answer my question?” she asked with a laugh.
“I’m pretty sure that if I get any more snow down my shirt or pants, I will die of hypothermia,” Galen replied with a sigh, “So I guess I will answer.”
“Good choice.”
He took a deep breath to prepare himself.
“I came by the alpha’s house like you told me to. When I arrived, I saw you upset. I tried to run to you, but I wasn’t the first one there,” he sighed.
“Oh…I see,” Bell replied.
“Yea,” Galen said, “I know I have no right, but seeing the closeness between you. The way he could comfort you. I didn’t like it.”
Bell didn’t respond. Galen began to feel uncomfortable. He started to move to get up when she suddenly turned herself onto his body, laying her head against his chest.
“What are yo–”
“Axel and I are friends,” she began, “we have been for years. So I do feel close to him. I trust him, and he knows things about my past that most people don’t.”
Galen was hurt by the words, knowing that there were even more ways that Axel was closer to her than Galen could be. But the tone in her voice made him want to hold her. To give her comfort however he could. So he wrapped his arms around her.
“I can’t say that I will never make you uncomfortable again. I can’t promise I will stay away from Axel because I won’t,” Bell stated, “But, what I can say,”
Bell lifted her chin to rest on his chest so she could look up at his face.
“Is that I like you. A lot.” she smiled. He smiled back.
Galen loosened his hold on her as she moved her body up closer to his face.. Bell looked down into his eyes as she brought the warmth of her lips to his.







Chapter 74 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online >>
Galen was overwhelmed by her warmth. It traveled into every nerve in his body. Exhilarating him in ways he had never experienced before. He found himself wanting to hold her closer, wanting to touch her more. But he stopped himself, unsure of how exactly to proceed at this moment. His heart was racing, and other parts of him were waking up.
Bell pulled away from him, leaving a cold like no other. He looked up at her with a pained expression, and she felt a warm squeeze in her heart. She smiled mischievously at him.
He didn’t know when it had happened, but that smile was like precious artwork to him. Something he cherished, that he wanted to keep safe and preserve at all costs.
“I have to get to the hospital for my rounds,” she said softly.


“Ok,” was all he could manage to say. Bell giggled at his slow response.
They sat up together, and just before moving to stand, Bell turned back to him as though she just remembered something.
“What was it you really wanted at the hospital?” she asked.
He looked at her carefully, not sure how to answer.
“Goddess, you are so cute,” she smiled, reaching out and touching his cheek, “you may be an excellent Beta. An all-around wonderful man and a great kisser. But a spy, you are not.”
“Great kisser?” he said, sitting up a little straighter.
“Was that the most important thing I said?” she giggled.
“Maybe…” he smiled.
“Seriously,” she said, “I know you weren’t just trying to see how we measured up for basic tactics. There was something you were looking for. What was it?”
Galen sighed.
‘Alexander did tell me it was my call whether to tell her or not,’ he thought to himself.
“I wanted to know about the treatments of those that were poisoned by wolfsbane in the first rogue attacks. The ones who survived and the ones that didn’t,” Galen stated.
He waited for her reaction. Neither he nor Alexander had any idea who had altered the reports. It was impossible to know currently if someone in Winter had been responsible for it.
“That’s it?” she asked, disappointed. She had hoped there was something more entertaining in Galen’s spy-like antics.
“Is that not enough?” he asked.


“I mean, it’s not really secret info,” she laughed. “Each of the alphas was sent a copy of all the treatment reports. Didn’t Alpha Alexander share them with you?”
“Each of the Alphas was sent a report?” Galen asked.
“Yea, it’s standard practice with wolfsbane. Anything we can learn about it is good for everyone,” she replied. “Anyway, if that’s all you wanted, I can have the treatment records pulled up and dropped off at your dorm by lunchtime.”
“I would really appreciate that,” he smiled.
“Would you?” she smiled back, leaning close to him.
“Very much,” he whispered.
He closed the distance between them, bringing their mouths together, taking in her warmth. He ran his tongue along her soft lips. She allowed him to deepen the kiss just slightly. Just enough for him to taste her, to feel the rush of blood through his body before she pulled away.
“I really do have to go,” she said breathlessly, licking her lips as she pulled herself up onto her feet. “I’ll see you later.”
“Promise?” he asked. His voice was heavy with a sensation entirely new to him, a desire to pull her back into his arms.
She nodded her head, smiling before quickly turning to run off.
Galen sunk back into the snow, needing to cool off before he tried to focus on anything but her.
Bell found herself smiling and giggling as she left him. When did she last feel like this, she wondered. She was so caught up in thoughts of Galen she didn’t see the person she ran into.
“Oh, I’m so sorry!” she said quickly as she bounced back off them.
“I didn’t mean–” she gasped as her eyes looked up to see a familiar face standing before her.
“We need to talk,” Alpha Wyatt stated. His manner was grave and unhappy.
Bell swallowed down the sinking feeling in her heart. Without a word from Alpha Wyatt, she knew that whatever happened next, the joyous time she had experienced with Galen was over.
***
After Galen had gotten to his room and cleaned himself up from his playtime in the snow with Bell, he still had a lot to do before Alexander’s arrival.
He treated his wound again, cleaning it and using a device he carried from Summer. A sort of automatic bandage sealed the injury while also pushing antibiotics and increasing the effectiveness of the typical fast healing of wolves. It was a new design that he was testing out for the Trauma R&D team back home.
As he finished attaching the mechanism, there was a knock at his door. When he answered, a package sat alone on the ground.
True to her word, Bell had sent him copies of the wolfsbane patients.
He made himself a sandwich as he reviewed the documents. Most of the information was fundamental, same standard care procedures for any wolf suffering from wolfsbane. But the parts that were most useful to him were the descriptions of the wounds.
Galen wanted to compare all the wound reports to confirm his suspicion. But he was surprised to find a patient was missing from the pile. Selene.
After confirming that he hadn’t misplaced her file or left it in the envelope, he decided the best course of action was to go to the hospital and retrieve it himself.
“Alexander said I needed to have a full report by the time he arrived. That’s why I need to go to the hospital now,” he said out loud, “it has nothing to do with Bell being there.”
He smiled to himself as he walked out the door.
Galen was halfway to the hospital when he heard his name being called.
“Galen!” the voice demanded.
He turned around to find an outraged Selene walking straight for him.
‘I guess it had to happen eventually,’ he sighed to himself.
“How dare you!” she shouted. “You could have killed him!”
“I won’t deny that because it is factually accurate. I could have killed him,” Galen stated calmly, “but I didn’t, and I didn’t hurt him enough for him to be in any danger of that happening.”
“You have no idea how hurt he was,” she snarled, “he could barely move. He was in and out of consciousness all night. Not to mention the mental trauma you put him through.”
Galen clenched his jaw, holding back the laugh he wanted to let out.
‘The only mental trauma that bastard has suffered is his own delusions,’ he commented in his mind.
“I can’t believe you would do this,” she shook her head at him, “I thought you were a decent man with good character and morals. Not some monster who would attack people without provocation.”
Selene looked as though she was barely contained, like she might burst into tears or attack him at any moment. It was strange.
“Are you ok, Selene?” Galen asked, genuinely concerned.
Selene scoffed at him.
“You don’t do that!” She hissed, “You don’t try to kill my mate and then act like you’re still the good guy I thought you were.”
“I didn’t try to kill him,” Galen stated.
“I’m so sick of this….” Selene said, pacing and rubbing her head painfully. “I’m so tired of all this blessing bullshit!”
Galen reached a hand to her shoulder.
“Seriously, are you ok?” he asked.
“Get off of me!” she shouted, shoving his hand away from her. “You and Alexander both need to understand that I don’t want you! I don’t want Summer! Jackson is the man I love, my true mate!”
“Neither Alexander nor I have ever tried to force you to do anything other than what you wanted,” Galen replied. “No matter the cost to us.”
He thought back to the hopeful expression on Alexander’s face when he had woken up after the full moon and how hurt he was after she left him in the treehouse.
“The cost to you? I know. Poor Galen so desperate to have ‘his Luna’ that he is willing to beat a man near death. For what?” Selene said scornfully. “I am no one’s property for you to ‘protect’!”
Selene, overcome by her whirlwind of guilt, anger, resentment, shoved Galen with force neither of them expected. He flew back from her, slamming against the building behind him. His body hit with a sickening thud, and he let out a pained groan. He grabbed at his side, hissing painfully.
As he pulled his hand away, she saw the crimson liquid that had leaked onto his fingers from his shirt.
She gasped, the memory of Bell in the hospital the night before, slamming down the bloody arrow.
Selene stepped towards him but found herself suddenly moving backward until her back hit a wall. The impact knocked the wind out of her yet wasn’t painful. Her shoulder, however, stung. She looked down to see a hand gripped around it. A thick, firm hand that she recognized immediately.
Her eyes shot up to him, his auburn hair fell over his eyes, but she could see them. She could see a cold glow of grey that somehow still held a darkness that scared her.
“Not even you can lay hands on my brother!” Alexander snarled at her.







Chapter 75 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
Alexander had traveled straight through the night, driven at speeds that even his fast healing couldn’t have recovered from had he gotten into an accident. But it was worth the risk.
The entire drive, all he wanted was to be near her once more. And after arriving in Winter, his anticipation only grew. To feel the bond between them, hear her voice, and see her smile.
“Get off of me!”
As though a twisted genie had granted his wish, he heard her in the distance. Although she sounded upset and angry, he rushed to find her.


“You and Alexander both need to understand that I don’t want you! I don’t want Summer! Jackson is the man I love, my true mate!”
The shock of her words hit him like a brick wall in his path. His feet just stopped where they landed. How could he have forgotten, for even a moment, how vehemently she despised their bond? It was a lifeline for him but a chain to her.
“Neither Alexander nor I have ever tried to force you to do anything other than what you wanted,” Galen’s voice called out in response, adding, “No matter the cost to us.”
Alexander felt the grip on his heart like a vice. Even Galen knew the pain he had tried so hard to hide.
“The cost to you? I know. Poor Galen so desperate to have ‘his Luna’ that he is willing to beat a man near death. For what?” Selene said scornfully. “I am no one’s property for you to ‘protect’!”
‘What the hell is happening here?’ Alexander wondered.
He had witnessed her anger before, even seen some of her more childish outbursts. But what he was hearing now was cruel and unbelievable.
‘Galen would never beat anyone without cause,’ Alexander thought to himself, ‘and what does she mean about being someone’s property? This doesn’t make sense.’
Alexander decided that there had to be a mistake. Regardless of how he felt towards her or she toward him, he needed to clear any misinterpretation of Galen.
He turned the corner toward them, witnessing as Selene shoved Galen hard. The flow of time around them seemed to slow to a crawl. Alexander watched as Galen lifted off the ground and flew back from Selene, his body slamming against the building behind him. A sickening thud and pained groan echoed through Alexander’s heightened hearing.
Alexander’s eyes were drawn to the only movement Galen made, his hand moving up to press against his lower abdomen. He let out a sound Alexander hadn’t heard in a very long time. Not since shortly after receiving their wolves. When they were trained how to suppress their pain.
Galen pulled his hand away from his abdomen, revealing a distinctive stain of deep crimson on his white shirt.
Alexander felt a deep rage boiling in him. He turned slowly towards the only other person around, Selene moved towards Galen.
The distance between Selene and Alexander vanished. He pressed her hard against the building she had been standing in front of. Though his mind was muddled and the rage in his heart was overflowing, he was able to think enough to keep from hurting her.
His grip on her shoulder was tight, controlling but not damaging. He could see the fear in her hazel eyes as they locked with his cold grey.


Any other time, even ten minutes ago, these eyes would be a treasure to him. He would give his own life to chase away the fear shown back at him.
But not after what he had witnessed, what he had heard. Not after the way she had treated Galen. No matter how much he loved her, Alexander would pull the heart from his own chest before allowing anyone to hurt him.
“Not even you can lay hands on my brother!” Alexander snarled at her.
Selene flinched at the strength in his voice.
His anger was in control, but his heart begged desperately to be heard.
“Alexander…” she whispered.
Again, his heart called out, pleading for her release, for understanding.
Tears fell from Selene’s eyes.
“Alexander…” Galen called from behind him.
Alexander turned quickly, seeing Galen on his feet once more.
“Let her go,” Galen requested quietly.
Alexander could see the physical strain on him and hear the suppressed pain in his voice. He let Selene go. She slumped to the ground at the sudden release.
Alexander went to Galen’s side immediately. He moved under Galen’s arm to support his weight.
“Don’t push yourself,” Alexander said softly.
Galen nodded.
Selene looked up at the two men through blurry tear-filled eyes. She hadn’t expected him. He wasn’t supposed to be here until tomorrow.
He hated her now.
She had seen the hate in his eyes when he pinned her against the wall. He blamed her for Galen’s injury. The world around her felt colder, greyer. There was a hollow place in her gut that seemed to be growing by the moment.
But it wasn’t her fault. Yes, she had pushed Galen, but she didn’t cause his injury. And Jackson had only done what he had done because Galen was trying to kill him. So he was defending himself.
It wasn’t her fault, and it wasn’t Jackson’s. It was theirs!
“I am not the one who did this!” Selene shouted at them angrily.
Alexander didn’t bother to look at her, keeping his attention on making sure Galen was comfortable in the way they stood together.
Selene tried to stifle the sob that fled her lips. Fresh tears flowed down her face. Why did she feel like she was sinking?
‘You told me before that you would never be our Luna. I should have listened.’
Galen’s words once more repeated in her mind. But it was the look that Alexander refused to give her that made them ring true. She would never be their Luna.
Her eyes met Galen’s, and for a moment, she felt that he could see into her thoughts. His eyes became sad. Those eyes filled her with anger.
“Don’t you dare pity me!” she shouted toward Galen. “This was all because of you!”
Alexander growled loudly.
“You won’t listen even if I try to explain,” Galen replied calmly, turning away from her.
“Because you keep lying to me while hurting the ones I care about!” she cried out.
“You seem to do that well enough on your own,” Galen sighed.
“That’s enough,” Alexander growled softly toward Galen.
Galen nodded, and the two men turned to leave. Selene scrambled to her feet.
“He tried to kill Jackson!” Selene called out desperately. She didn’t exactly know why, only that she didn’t want Alexander to think she didn’t have a reason for her actions.
They stopped walking. Alexander didn’t turn around, but she knew he was listening.
For just an instant, she felt joy. The hope that he would understand her. But, that moment ended when a sudden realization of her own thoughts struck her.
‘Why do I care?’ she asked herself, ‘I don’t want him to understand me! I don’t want him to care about me! I can’t care about him!’
“He did it for you!” she shouted as her conflicting thoughts and feelings wreaked havoc on her mind. “Because you ordered him to ‘protect your property’!”
Both Alexander and Galen turned around now. Galen wore a face of confusion. Alexander was unreadable.
Alexander pulled away from Galen, steadying him before he walked towards Selene. She found herself taking two steps back instinctively. He looked at her carefully before speaking when he stood less than a foot away from her.
“Is that what you believe?” he asked steadily.
Selene looked up at him, fighting her every instinct to look away from him. She swallowed hard and took a deep breath before she answered.
“That is the truth.”
A low, quiet growl came from him. His expression didn’t change, and he made no move toward her.
“If that is what you think of us, of me. That either one of us could ever say those things about you or anyone else, then there is nothing left to say.”
Alexander turned around and once more supported Galen’s weight. Then, the two Summer wolves walked away, leaving Selene alone.
Though his words were calm and his actions steady, Selene could not help but notice the way his eyes had glistened, as though unshed tears lay hidden inside.









Chapter 76 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
Alexander guided Galen to the hospital. Other than asking about his pain level, they did not speak on the way there. Galen asked for Bell when they arrived, but the nurse reported that Bell was unavailable after checking. Instead, a young man approached them.
“Ah, I see you came back,” the dark-haired man said, crossing his arms in a display of irritation.
Alexander looked at Galen questioningly.
“When I was brought in yesterday, Peter,” Galen sighed, pointing to the irritated man, “was the one who was supposed to treat me.”


“Supposed to?” Alexander asked.
“I kind of left before he got a chance to treat me,” Galen smiled awkwardly.
A low growl came from Alexander.
“I planned to get treated. Instead, I just… got distracted,” Galen replied.
“How?” Alexander growled.
“Flirting,” Peter sighed as he grabbed a pair of gloves.
“Was not!” Galen defended quickly.
“Sure,” Peter rolled his eyes, “open the shirt.”
“Here?” Galen asked, looking around at the nurses and patients in the area.
“Relax, I just want to see if I need a surgical room prepped.”
“I’m sure that won’t be nec–” Galen began.
Alexander ignored his friend and pulled the shirt apart in the middle, popping several buttons off.
“Hey!” Galen shouted.
“Be quiet. If you can’t take care of yourself, then there is no need for you to speak,” Alexander growled.
Peter smirked before he came around to get a closer look at the wound on Galen’s abdomen.


“Whoa!” Peter cried out. “What the hell is this!?”
Alexander looked at the wound. He had expected to simply see a bloody open wound. But, instead, he was surprised by the metal disc that was turned on its side and half embedded into Galen’s flesh.
Another low growl grew in his belly.
“Alexander…” Galen began, “listen, it’s not my fault.”
“Take us to a room,” Alexander growled to Peter.
“Yep,” Peter replied, “not ruling out surgery, though. I need a better look at how deep this thing is.”
Once they had been placed in a room, Peter began cleaning the wound. Alexander stood back, leaning against the counter and watching closely.
“This thing is pretty deep,” Peter sighed. He lifted his head to look at Galen, “but that’s not an arrow, so this isn’t what you came in for last night.”
“No…” Galen sighed as he heard yet another growl from Alexander.
“Arrow?” Alexander asked through gritted teeth.
“Yea,” Peter replied, going back to work cleaning the wound, “last night it was an arrow in the abdomen. Now, we have the same spot but no arrow; instead, a mystery disk. Are you a piñata? Do prizes come out of you often?”
The wolf sounded excited; Galen was irritated by his casual chatting and overall lack of awareness at how his words were calling forth the harbinger of death. Galen looked up at Alexander, trying to give him a friendly smile. But receiving his cold gray stare instead.
“And how exactly did an arrow get into the abdomen of my Beta?” Alexander’s voice was cold and hard.
Peter stopped moving. He felt a cold chill over his spine as though someone had walked over his grave. He lifted his head and met Galen’s eyes.
Eyes that confirmed his fear. He spun around on his stool to face Alexander with eyes wide.
“I… you… are you Alpha Alexander?” Peter stuttered, his face blanching at the realization.
Quickly standing from the stool, he turned to Alexander and gave a proper salute.
“My apologies Alpha Alexander. I did not realize who you were.”
“Peter, maybe you could go check if the nurse has my IV fluids ready yet?” Galen offered.
Peter glanced back at Galen, then to his wound. The cleaning was mostly done, and the IV fluids did need to be started right away. But the disk had to come out. Though he feared Alexander, his duty came first.
“I will check on them. But it will only take a couple of minutes. Then I will be back to continue my work.”
Alexander nodded to him in acknowledgment. Then, after another glance at the wound to make sure it was safe to leave, Peter removed his gloves and left the room.
Not a minute later, Alexander’s growl filled the room.
“Speak,” he demanded out loud.
“You already know I got into a fight with Jackson. Selene said as much,” Galen sighed.
“Galen,” Alexander warned.
“Okay, okay,” Galen huffed. He took a deep breath and explained what had happened the night before.
Galen told Alexander about seeing Bell in tears. How it had led him to seek Jackson. He explained how he had found Jackson speaking to Saul and heard the way Jackson was disrespecting not only Alexander and Galen but also Saul.
“Like Saul said, it was training in respect, really,” Galen said.
Alexander growled.
“I know I shouldn’t have done it, but it’s done. So I can’t exactly take it back,” Galen huffed.
“What happened after Saul left?” Alexander asked, looking away from him.
Galen told him about the fight, how it started and ended. He chose to omit the part where Jackson gloated after realizing it wasn’t a practice arrow.
He was outwardly quiet. A frightening thing to Galen, who knew that in his mind, Alexander was tearing apart the room to let out his frustration and anger. Galen glanced around to make sure there were no laptops.
Alexander took a deep breath, letting it back out slowly.
“She said you almost killed him,” he stated. “But from what you described, I don’t understand how that’s possible.”
“I don’t know either,” Galen replied.
Peter entered the room again. He immediately went to work hanging the IV bags.
“Honestly, I held back. But, yeah, I definitely did some damage, but nothing life-threatening,” Galen stated.
“I’m going to take the disk out of the wound now,” Peter said as he washed his hands. “Alpha Alexander, you are welcome to stay. If you don’t mind my presence, feel free to continue your discussion.”
Alexander nodded.
Peter sat back down and began to slowly cut around the disk.
“You were the one who was meant to treat Galen last night, correct?” Alexander asked.
“Yes,” Peter replied, keeping his attention on his work, “I saw him when he was brought in, did a quick assessment, and had a nurse begin cleaning the wound. But I had to check on the other patient. By the time I got back to this one’s room, another doctor had hijacked him. Ten minutes later, I heard he had ripped the arrow out of himself and left.”
“Ripped it out himself?” Alexander growled, turning cold eyes on Galen.
“Doc, you’re really gonna get me killed … didn’t you take an oath or something?” Galen pouted at Peter.
“We will discuss this later,” Alexander told Galen. Then, turning back to Peter, he continued, “may I ask you a general question about the other patient.”
“Uh…” Peter started, “maybe… I can’t give you any real details, especially since you aren’t even from this pack.”
“I have no interest in prying. I only want to know how serious his injuries were. I am told his life was in danger,” Alexander stated.
Peter furrowed his brows and sat up, pulling his attention from the wound. He looked at Alexander.
“Are you talking about Jackson?” he asked.
“Yea,” Galen replied.
“Jackson was no closer to death than I am right now,” Peter replied with a roll of eyes and a chuckle. Then, returning to his treatment of the wound.
“He had a few broken ribs, a couple small fractures, and a lot of bruising, but nothing his natural healing couldn’t take care of in a few hours, a day at most.”
“Are you sure?” Alexander asked.
“I’m the one who treated him. Bed rest and an IV of antibiotics for a cut on his hand.” Peter shrugged.
“A cut?” Galen asked, “I never cut him. I didn’t have any weapons at all.”
“Did he cut himself when he picked up the arrow?” Alexander asked.
“He thought it was a practice arrow, until….” Galen said, pointing to his wound. “So I doubt it,” Galen replied.
Peter looked up once more. He glanced back and forth between the two men. Finally, he let out a deep sigh.
“Look, I can’t prove it, so don’t ask me to say this to anyone else,” he began, “but what I saw was a deep cut, not a scratch or a scrape. I would guess by the angle and depth, it was made by holding an arrowhead in the palm.”
“So?” Galen asked.
“So,” Alexander growled, “Jackson knew it wasn’t a practice arrow.. He intended to stab you.”









Chapter 77 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
Galen saw the danger in Alexander’s eyes.
“You don’t know that, Alexander,” Galen countered quickly.
Alexander growled at him.
“Alexander, Alexander, listen. He might have realized it before he stabbed me, yes, but that doesn’t mean he meant real harm. He was probably just scared. I’m a pretty scary guy when I want to be.”


Alexander knew what Galen was doing. He was trying to keep the situation from escalating. Galen was right, but Alexander didn’t have to like it.
“Why are you willing to tell us this?” Alexander asked after taking a few calming breaths.
Peter looked up, seeing the suspicion in Alexander’s eyes.
“Honestly, I don’t really like Jackson. He’s a jerk when no one is looking and an outstanding actor when the right people are,” Peter shrugged,” besides, I like Bell.”
He smiled at Galen.
“She’s a good friend, and this one made her smile in a way I have never seen before.”
Galen blushed and looked away, trying to hide his smile.
“I don’t really care about the whole ‘grudge’ between our packs,” Peter said, turning back to Alexander. “I do my job, and I do it right. I try not to get involved in politics or drama in or out of the pack. But this much I can do.”
Alexander gave a nod of respect.
“Now, I have a more important question,” Peter said, changing the subject. “What the hell is this thing?”
With one final cut, a small grunt of pain from Galen, the metal disk was released from Galen’s flesh. Alexander leaned forward to get a better look at the device. He recognized it as one of the quick patches being developed back home as he looked closer.
Alexander sighed, giving Galen an irritated look.
“You do understand that beta testing does not mean test on the Beta, right?”
“Har har,” Galen replied sarcastically. “I didn’t do anything wrong; you test things all the time. I’m doing my duty to the pack to further advance our medical technologies.”
“This is meant for healing?” Peter asked, turning the device in his gloved hands inspecting it with interest.


“It’s supposed to create a seal on an open wound, and then a small cartridge inside delivers a dose of general antibiotics and a boost to our natural healing process.”
“Interesting,” Peter said, setting it down on the table with his tools.
“Right? We won’t need a medic right on the battlefield with these. It gives us a safe window,” Galen said excitedly.
“Only if–“ Alexander began.
“Where is the other one?” Peter asked.
Galen furrowed his brows in confusion.
“What other one?” Galen asked.
Alexander laughed.
Peter looked back at Alexander, who crossed his arms with a broad grin and made a motion to suggest that Peter should continue speaking with Galen.
“The other device,” Peter said, turning back to Galen. “Did you already remove the one on your back?”
“Yea, Galen, did you remove the one on your back?” Alexander asked, still smiling.
“Why would I have one on my back?” Galen asked.
Peter’s eyes widened. Alexander laughed.
“What?!” Galen shouted, annoyed that he didn’t understand what they were saying.
“Sit up,” Peter demanded.
Galen sat forward, hissing slightly at the movement. Peter stood up and moved around to Galen’s back.
“Damn it!” Peter shouted. “Off! Take it off now.”
Peter yanked at Galen’s shirt.
“Ok, ok!” Galen said, hurrying to pull his arms out of the shirt.
Once he had his arms pulled out, Peter tugged it away from Galen’s body, throwing it down on the ground. Galen glanced down to see a bloodstain on the back.
“Idiot,” Alexander sighed from the spot he hadn’t moved from. “How bad is it?”
“Definitely infected,” Peter said as he pressed on Galen’s lower back.
“Ah!” Galen shouted as a sting of pain pulsed through his lower back, “what are you doing!”
“Hey! Dumbass!” Alexander called Galen’s attention angrily. “Next time you test one of the devices from R&D, read ALL of the instructions. For example, the one that listed the actual type and size of the wound that could be treated by the patchwork system.”
Galen’s eyes widened.
Peter continued his exam, poking and prodding at the inflamed wound. Letting out curses and some commentary on Galen’s poor choices. Alexander joined in at those moments. After another ten minutes, Galen was lying on his side while the IV fluids flowed into his arm. Peter threw away his gloves and washed his hands before giving his official diagnosis and treatment plan.
“Alright, in the back, we definitely have some infected tissue. It won’t be hard to clear up. A round of antibiotics through the IV to start with. I will need to come back in a couple of hours and do a little bit of resection. So, I will need you to stay overnight.”
“Seriously?” Galen asked. “Is that really necessary?”
“Well, if you had stayed for an actual exam and treatment yesterday, I would say no, none of this is really necessary. But…” Peter replied with all the sarcasm.
“Yea, ok. Got it,” Galen rolled his eyes.
“As far as the front, it’s pretty much fine. However, I want to keep an eye on it through the evening. Just in case the damage from the device causes a secondary infection.”
“Thank you,” Alexander said as Peter picked up his chart and moved towards the door.
“No worries, just doing my job.”
“Hey Peter,” Galen called to Peter.
“Yea?”
“Could you,” Galen began, a blush spreading over him, “maybe, let Bell know that I’m here?”
Peter rolled his eyes before walking out of the room.
“Was that a no?” Galen asked quietly, staring at the door.
Galen turned back to Alexander, expecting to get another eye roll. But, instead, he found his alpha deep in thought. A look of concern on his face.
‘Hmm, broken beta, evil enemy, or melancholy mate? I will take a melancholy mate for five hundred!’ Galen chuckled to himself.
“Worried about her?” Galen asked quietly.
Alexander lifted his eyes to Galen. He smirked.
“Sometimes, I forget how well you know me.”
“Better than yourself.” Galen smiled back.
“I’m sorry,” Alexander said.
“For what?”
“This,” Alexander gestured to Galen in the hospital bed. “Your injury, your fight with that moron. It’s my fault.”
“Uh, no,” Galen started, “this is all mine. You get no credit for this chance encounter, my friend.”
“If he didn’t consider me his enemy, he never would have done this to you,” Alexander replied.
“I don’t agree,” Galen stated firmly.
“Galen–“ Alexander started, quickly interrupted by Galen.
“No, Alexander, you don’t understand,” Galen said seriously. “Jackson isn’t like most wolves. His jealousy is real, and he hates you, absolutely. But there is more to it. He’s dangerous, Alexander.”
“What do you mean?” Alexander asked, standing up straight.
“I don’t know exactly,” Galen replied
Galen thought back to the look on Jackson’s face when he was stabbed by him. The excitement, the laughter. The bloody smile.
‘I win.’
The memory sent a chill through him.
“What aren’t you telling me, Galen?” Alexander growled.
Galen looked at his friend. He saw the need to protect in his eyes. If he told him the truth about the moment he was stabbed, it would end badly for more than just Jackson.
“Do you trust me?” Galen asked.
“Of course,” Alexander replied without hesitation.
“Trust that anything I am holding back is for the good of the many.”
Alexander let out a low growl and looked away.
“Don’t pout.”
“I’m not.”
“Mmhmm,” Galen laughed.
Alexander huffed.
“Come on, let’s talk about something else,” Galen said, “why did you arrive so early? I didn’t expect you until tonight, at least.”
Alexander shifted uncomfortably.
“Let’s talk about something else,” he said, looking away from Galen.
‘So, you missed her.’ Galen smiled to himself.
“The bug reports finally came in.”
Galen was stunned by the sudden topic change. It had been almost three weeks since he had started the bug investigation. He had all but completely forgotten about the situation during his time here in Winter.
“And?” Galen asked, inching forward.
“The results were… surprising,” Alexander said.
“How?”
“The results we got showed suspicious data packets sent in the form of mobile gaming information.”
“Gaming?” Galen asked, his mind chasing through his memories, “Alice! I remember she was always playing games when she had her phone. So, it was her?”
“It appeared that way.” Alexander nodded.
“Were we able to figure out what she was sending? And who was receiving it?” Galen asked.
“We still don’t know exactly what she sent,” Alexander said, “but we were able to figure out who was receiving it.”
“Oh? Who?” Galen asked excitedly.
“Another representative,” Alexander stated, “one who received the data and then immediately turned around and sent it back out in a different hidden format.”
“What? How? Who?!”
“Well,” Alexander smiled, “do you remember those pictures that our techs were getting tired of seeing?”
Galen furrowed his brows, then gasped when he understood.
“That moron’s dick pics were holding secret files?!”









Chapter 78 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
After the shock of the situation had worn off, Alexander and Galen talked over the report’s details and how it had been discovered. Though there wasn’t all that much to go over. The bugs had all been rooted out and eliminated. A security team was already hard at work creating more robust firewalls and defenses.
The data that had been sent had not been deciphered yet. It would take time to break through the encryption and tear down all the false data layered over it. Which meant some poor analyst in Summer was going to spend a lot of time staring at Jerry’s dick pics.
The only thing they knew for sure was that Alice had found a way to mask her transmissions in her games. When she played the story game, her choices compiled the data sent to Jerry. While her puzzle games hid the bugs. She would then release them into their system.
“How many people know who it was?” Galen asked.


“Not many. The two of us, the three heads of our information systems, and Clara.” Alexander replied.
“Clara?” Galen said with surprise, “your little protégé?”
“She’s the one that found the link between them,” Alexander smiled.
“Wow,” Galen laughed.
“What?” Alexander questioned.
“Nothing, I’m just blown away by this proud papa smile on your face,” Galen mocked.
“Shut up.”
Galen laughed again.
“I have to be proud of someone. I raised you and look at the trouble you cause,” Alexander sighed dramatically.
“First off, I didn’t cause–“ Galen paused as he thought about what he was going to say, quickly correcting, “ok, well, it wasn’t just me. Second, you didn’t raise me. Your mom did.”
“I’m going to tell her you called her ‘my’ mom,” Alexander smiled, pulling out his phone.
“Don’t!” Galen shouted, “Alexander, don’t! I am wounded, don’t put me in the grave yet!”
Alexander pushed a few buttons and then placed his phone back in his pocket.
“What did you do?” Galen asked carefully. Alexander only smiled back.
A text notification sounded from Galen’s phone, and his eyes widened.


“What did you do!” Galen cried out.
“Look at your phone,” Alexander laughed.
Galen nervously pulled up his phone, the notification showed a message from Fiona. He looked up at Alexander once more, then back to the unread message. He opened it.
[Aww, Galen, I love you too, honey! Alexander said you were upset that I didn’t send any snacks for you! I promise to have a basket of chocolate Pocky waiting for you when you get back! Love you!! – Mom]
He smiled as he read the message, sending a quick thanks reply.
“That was mean,” Galen said, looking back up at Alexander.
“Uh-huh,” Alexander chuckled. “Seriously though, what do you have to report?”
Galen sighed, such a serious man his alpha was.
“I received a copy of all the patient reports except for one. Although apparently, you were supposed to have received them, they were sent to all the Alphas. As is standard practice.”
“Interesting,” Alexander said, having a seat on the stool beside Galen’s bed. “What about the reports themselves? Anything strange?”
“I’m still in the process of comparing notes. But from what I could see, almost every patient was hit with an arrow. The tips were likely coated in wolfsbane.”
“Any knife wounds?”
“A couple,” Galen replied, “not unexpected. I had assumed that they coated all the blades and arrows. But that doesn’t make sense since there were many more people injured without any of the poison. And only the first attack had any wolfsbane at all.”
“Which was already strange,” Alexander added, “everyone else was attacked at the same time in the evening while Winter had been attacked in the afternoon.”
Galen nodded in agreement.
“What about Selene’s report?” Alexander asked. “Anything unusual about it?”
“Yes,” Galen stated flatly.
“What?” Alexander asked with concern.
“It was missing,” Galen answered. “That was the only report that was missing from the pile. If I didn’t already know she had been poisoned, I wouldn’t have even known it was missing.”
“Did you look into it? Why was it missing?” Alexander asked.
“I hadn’t gotten a chance yet; I was on my way to ask Bell when Selene found me first,” Galen replied.
“I see,” Alexander answered. The encounter with Selene had left him shaken. He was torn between his concern for her and his anger at how she had treated Galen.
Galen noticed his sullen expression.
“Why don’t you go back to our room? You can take a look at the reports yourself. Maybe see something I missed. In the meantime, Bell is around here somewhere. I’ll see if she can stop by, and I will ask her about Selene’s report.” Galen offered.
“You aren’t just trying to get some alone time with Bell, are you?” Alexander laughed.
“Maybe,” Galen gave a sly smile.
They laughed together for a moment before Alexander stood to leave. He looked back down at his injured friend.
“Galen,” he called to him.
“Huh?” Galen asked, looking up at him.
“It wasn’t something I want to experience again,” Alexander said quietly, his jaw tightening.
“What’s that?” Galen asked.
“The smell of your blood in the air.”
Alexander walked out the door before Galen had a chance to respond.
“I love you too, brother,” Galen whispered to the closed door, knowing that even as he walked away down the hall, Alexander could still hear his words.
***
As Alexander approached the building he had been told was where he and Galen would be staying together, he caught her scent.
The sweetness danced around his nose, comforting and drawing him in like his mother’s hot chocolate. For a moment, all he could do was close his eyes and let it wash over him. He had longed to be with her, to bathe himself in her scent.
“Alexander?” she called to him softly.
Her voice, though there was hesitation and sadness laced into it, was still an enchanting melody for his ears. He forced his heart to steady itself.
“Selene,” he replied simply.
“Hi,” she said, stepping out from behind a tree near the door of his room. “I figured you had to come back here at some point.”
“You were waiting for me?” he asked.
“I wanted to talk. I don’t want you to get the wrong idea about what happened earlier.”
“Galen already explained. There is no need for any further discussion about it,” Alexander replied, trying to walk past her and continue on his way.
“No!” she shouted, grabbing his arm before he could pass her. “Don’t go!”
The words from her lips played in his ear like an incantation, preventing him from thinking on his own. Her hands on his skin stopped him instantly. Alexander felt his desire for her stirring within the deepest darkest corners of his mind.
His heart was beating fast. His chest heaved in heavy breaths as he tried desperately to keep in control of himself.
“Selene…” he let out a shaky whisper.
Her hazel eyes glistened up at him. Soft but powerful breaths escaped her mouth. Her small tongue slipped out to moisten her lips as her teeth grazed the bottom lip. Alexander let out a low growl in response.
His control was slipping. He hadn’t felt their bond with such intensity since the full moon. But there was still another night until the next one, so why was it happening now?
“Alexander… “ Selene whispered breathily.
His name on her lips sent a hot tremble through his body.
“What’s… happening to me?” she whispered anxiously.
“You…?” Alexander asked, his voice was heavy. “What’s happening to me?”
He turned to face her, his hand reaching out for her. His fingertips hovered above her skin. Begging to touch her, to feel her softness with his own hands.
‘No…’ a quiet voice in his mind called out, ‘She doesn’t want this!’
He pulled his hand back as though it had been burned. Then, pushing Selene away gently, he took several steps away from her. He shook his head, trying to clear away the desire and longing.
Selene felt the cold surrounding her as he moved away. She wanted him to come back, to put his arms around her. Didn’t she?
She had gotten so scared that he was mad or hated her. For two hours, she could think of nothing but him. Selene had cried for a long time after Galen and Alexander had disappeared.
She debated going to the hospital, but she thought he would still be angry. So, in the end, she chose to come here. No matter what, he would come here eventually. She had stood beside the tree for almost two hours, reminding herself that he would come back.
“What is wrong with me?” she asked again. Her voice was stronger this time.
“I don’t know,” he answered, closing his eyes to focus his thoughts. “Maybe it’s the full moon.”
“But that’s not until tomorrow,” Selene replied through deep breaths.
“I don’t have any other answer you will accept,” Alexander said.
Selene looked at him. He was leaning against the building now. Facing away from her.
“What does that mean?” she asked.
“Is it that difficult to figure out?” he asked, looking back over his shoulder.
She clenched her jaw.
‘Yes… arguing. If we argue, I can focus,’ Selene hoped to herself.
“I guess I’m just not as smart as you, Summer wolves. Why don’t you spell it out for me?” she growled.
Alexander laughed.
“You know exactly what I mean,” he sighed, “you just want to fight.”
He turned himself around, resting his back against the wall. Putting his firm body on display for Selene. Again, her heart began to beat faster.
“I can hear it, you know?” he smiled.
“What?” she asked, swallowing.
“Your heartbeat. The way it picks up when you look at me.”
His voice was different than usual. It was thick, deep. It sent a shockwave of warmth through Selene from head to toe.
She took a step towards him, he smiled again. She stopped as an image surfaced in her mind.
Jackson, smiling at her painfully on the hospital bed.
Looking away from Alexander, she reached her hands into her hair and pulled hard.
“Damn it!” she shouted.
“Selene!” he called out, moving towards her.
“No!” she shouted quickly, stepping back. She put her hand up toward Alexander to keep him away. “Don’t!”
“But–“ Alexander tried to object.
“Don’t!” she screamed, tears beginning to pool in her eyes.
Her mind was jumbled. Images of Alexander, his sweet words, kindness, warmth. Jackson, his romantic moments, passion, and devotion to her. She shook her head, trying to push them all away.
More images flooded her mind. Alexander’s coldness, hostility, the sound of his wolf howling angrily as she ran away. Jackson’s possessiveness and jealousy. Her own tears in her room at night. The images came faster and faster, spinning and melding. Their faces overlapped. Pulling in and out like a twisted kaleidoscope of flesh and bone.
She fell to her knees. Tears streamed down her face.
“Selene, please. Please! Tell me how to help you!” Alexander begged.
He, too, was down on his knees, only an arm’s length away from her, desperately hoping he could help her in any way.
“I don’t know,” she whispered, hugging herself and letting the tears fall, “I don’t know how to make it stop.”
“What?” Alexander asked, “what needs to stop?”
“I’m losing my mind!” she cried out painfully, “it’s too much. It’s all too much.”
Alexander felt tears rolling down his cheek. Seeing her like this was devastating. He wanted to hold her, to tell her it would be alright. But he couldn’t do that. She didn’t want him to.
“What’s too much?” he asked softly, hoping he could coax her into talking. Maybe it would help ease her pain.
“You…” Selene whispered, “…him….”
Memories swirled to the surface of holding Alexander, his head in her lap as he slept peacefully. Jackson in the forest, they laughed together. She sparred with Alexander and ran through the trees with Jackson.
He pinned her roughly to a wall, he forced wet kisses on her throat, he bit at her like he would tear the flesh from her body.
His voice was filled with disappointment. He hated her, he hated her people, he hated her father.
“Who?” she asked out loud, the images and memories swirling together. Then, finally, she couldn’t separate them anymore.
“Who?” Alexander asked, “are you looking for someone? Come on, Selene, talk to me.”
Selene looked around, but her vision was blurred. She felt heavy and hot everywhere. Jackson’s face came once more into her mind, his bruised and bloodied face. The soft whimpers of pain and then his frightening words echoed in her ears.
‘… I thought he would kill me. Selene, the look he had, the glow in his eyes….’
“His eyes…” she whispered. Looking around for something, for someone.
“Selene, Selene, what’s going on?” Alexander called to her.
Selene turned around. She looked at Alexander. The memory of his glowing grey eyes as he held her against the building overwhelmed her.
Her muddled fevered brain couldn’t put time and place together. Instead, all her memories were overlapping each other.
“You…” she hissed. “You tried to kill him!”
Selene ran at Alexander. He was surprised, but he recovered quickly. He caught her by the waist as she jumped at him.
He tried to hold her back as he called her name, hoping to get her attention, to wake her from whatever had her in this state.
“Selene!” he shouted.
She looked down at him and snarled. Then, pushing both legs down at him, she caught him in the chest and pushed off him. The movement sent him falling down to the ground while it gave her enough lift to throw herself back and land on her feet.
Alexander sat up. He looked at her. The look on her face was wild. There was no sign of the funny, happy, rational woman he loved. He needed to stop her before she hurt herself.
“Selene! Listen to me! Something is wrong. We need to get you to the hospital!”
She ran at him full speed again. This time, he couldn’t stop her. She jumped into the air, and when he tried to catch her, she used her momentum to throw herself onto his back. Selene wrapped her arm around him, trying to choke him. But he was able to slip his hand in to push against her. He threw her off once more.
Selene stood up; Alexander prepared himself to block her again. Her world was spinning. She looked at him. The haziness all around her lifted for just this one moment to see him clearly.
“Alexander…” she whispered with a bright smile.
Alexander stood up straight. He saw her. He saw his mate.
“Selene?” he called to her, but then she began to fall. “Selene!”
Alexander dove for her, barely catching her before her head hit the ground.









Chapter 79 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
“Help!” Alexander shouted, carrying an unconscious Selene in his arms.
Two nurses came running over. They helped him put her on a gurney and then checked her vitals.
“What’s wrong with her?” he asked, looking over them to make sure she was ok.
Selene began to toss and turn on the gurney, shaking the nurses’ hands away.


“She’s on fire!” one of the nurses shouted as she checked the temperature. “Call the doctor, now!”
A nurse ran to the desk and picked up a phone. She seemed to connect right away as barely a second had passed when she shared who it was and where they were.
Selene began to shake. She let out painful groans, hugged herself, and flailed.
“What is happening to her?!” Alexander roared.
One of the nurses tried to push him away, but the nurse backed away once they locked eyes with him.
Another nurse tried to hold Selene down, but that seemed to only make it worse.
“Selene…” he called to her sadly.
“Alpha Alexander?” a familiar voice called behind him.
Alexander turned around to see the woman Galen was so infatuated with, Bell. She looked beyond him to where Selene continued to flail on the gurney. Bell quickly pushed past him to be at Selene’s side.
Bell and the nurses immediately began to trade medical information back and forth. While Alexander had some training in medicine, most of his medical rotation had been focused on mental health. Even if he could remember everything they were saying and what they meant. His heart, head, and everything were too focused on Selene to absorb anything else.
She hadn’t stopped moving around, the groans were getting louder, and he wondered if she was hurting.
“What’s wrong with her?” he asked again.
Bell looked back at him; she was surprised. She assumed he would have left as soon as the doctor arrived.
“You can’t be here, Alpha Alexander,” she said, “you need to give us room to help her.”
Alexander didn’t move. Selene had started shaking even more violently this time.


“Hold her down!” Bell shouted.
They surrounded the table and did their best to hold her down. But Selene was a strong woman, even while not fully awake. She shook off two of the four people holding her down.
Alexander moved without thinking about it. He rushed to her side, where she had kicked away the two nurses.
“Alpha Alexander, you can’t–“ Bell started to shout. She stopped when Selene suddenly calmed.
Bell looked down at Selene. She checked her vitals. She was resting. Peacefully. Bell lifted her eyes to where Alpha Alexander held Selene’s hand, his eyes locked on Selene’s face.
Bell quickly turned to the nurse beside her and gave her directions to get IV fluids started and see if the other two were injured. When the nurses left the room, Bell spoke to Alexander.
“You can let her go now. She’s asleep.”
“Are you sure?” he asked, not looking away from Selene.
“Yes.”
Alexander sighed, and slowly he let go of her hand. She let out a soft moan of protest but otherwise remained peaceful. He backed away from her slowly.
“I need to perform a thorough exam on her. You can wait out there. Her family has already been called, so they will probably be here soon.” Bell said, indicating a waiting area past the doors he had brought Selene through.
Alexander nodded, turning to walk away. The thought suddenly occurred to him that Bell wouldn’t understand why he would be with Selene or how he could calm her. He wasn’t sure what to say, but he knew he should say something.
“Uhm… about why I brought her…” he started, but she raised a hand to stop him.
“If there’s something that Selene wants me to know about,” Bell looked back and forth between them and smiled, “anything… she’ll tell me when she’s ready.”
Alexander gave her a smirk and nodded. He looked back at Selene one more time, confirming that she was still resting peacefully. Then, he left to sit in a dark corner of the waiting room.
***
“Why is it taking so long?” Corrine asked as she paced the waiting room for likely the hundredth time in an hour.
“They have to run tests, figure out what caused it,” Axel replied. “Just sit down. Bell will be out to give us an update as soon as she has something.”
“Oh, your father should be here!” Corrine huffed angrily.
“It’s not like he knew Selene would get sick the day he was taking the pups up the mountain. Besides, isn’t it better if he’s not here until we know exactly what is going on with her?” Axel offered.
“I suppose you’re right. Of course, he would throw a fit about all this waiting.”
“Seriously, Mom, just relax. Bell already told us that Selene is fine.”
Just then, the doors leading to the treatment rooms opened, and Bell came forward.
From behind the bookshelf, Alexander leaned forward to listen better.
“Hello, Luna,” Bell greeted Corrine respectfully.
“Oh, enough of that, just please tell us. I can’t take the waiting.”
“I’m very sorry for the waiting,” Bell smiled. “As I told you before, Selene is doing quite well.”
“Then what happened to my baby?!” Corrine shouted.
“Mom…” Axel chided her.
“I’m sorry… I’m just worried!” Corrine pouted.
“It’s ok,” Bell laughed.
Bell looked around before gesturing for Axel and Corrine to sit near the bookshelf. Once they did, she sat across from them to explain the situation.
She told them that Selene had passed out from a high fever, likely brought on by a combination of stress or emotional exhaustion and the onset of the full moon.
“But the full moon isn’t even until tomorrow,” said Axel.
“True, that is strange. But all Selene’s symptoms and test results say the same thing. That this is mating sickness.”
“Mating sickness?” Corrine asked.
“What is that?” Axel questioned.
“As we all know, the mate bond has a physical and emotional connection. Mates can sense each other’s emotions; they feel a physical need for each other, some develop a telepathic link. And if something happens to one mate, the other goes through it to a certain extent.”
“Right, yes, we know all of this,” Corrine stated.
“Yes, of course,” Bell smiled. “Mating sickness is usually only found in wolves that are kept from their mate for some reason. It could be a terminal illness, a tradition, or even a dislike of each other.”
“I don’t understand,” Axel replied.
“Selene’s body and the wolf know she has a mate. They feel the connection. So, the primal need for that connection to be made is making her sick,” Bell explained.
“So basically, what you’re saying is that she’s sick because she hasn’t gotten married yet?” Axel asked.
“Sort of, I mean, her case is strange,” Bell stated, “Honestly, most mating sickness happens within the first few months of meeting your mate. With my parents, my father had to wait almost a year to marry my mother because of her age. He suffered the mating sickness for almost nine months.”
“But it’s been two years. This has never happened before; we’ve always kept Selene away from Jackson during the full moon, but she has never gotten sick from it before,” Corrine said with confusion.
“I agree. Every full moon I have spent with her has been just like any other night,” Bell stated.
“Then why is this happening now?” Axel asked.
“I don’t really have a good answer for you,” Bell said, glancing over at the bookshelf. “All I can think is that something has changed in the past few months.”
Behind the bookshelf, Alexander couldn’t help but smile.
“Where is she!” a booming voice shouted from the hallway.
Jackson suddenly burst into the waiting room, looking around frantically.
“Where is Selene?!” he demanded, getting too close to Bell, causing her to flinch.
“Jackson, calm down!” Axel shouted, jumping up to move between Jackson and Bell. “Selene’s fine. She’s resting.”
“What the hell happened to her?!” Jackson growled.
Corrine and Axel explained what Bell had told them. Jackson listened quietly, holding in his reactions.
“Were you with her today, Jackson?” Corrine asked, “did you spend the morning together before your patrol? Is that why this happened?”
Jackson was confused about what she meant initially, but it all connected. He had heard that Alexander was back. He just didn’t expect they would have been alone together already. The rage in his heart burned. But his expression remained calm.
“Yea,” he lied, “we were together all morning.”
“That must be the reason then,” Corrine said, looking at Axel, “they are spending time together too close to the full moon.”
“This is exactly why you should just let us marry tomorrow!” Jackson shouted angrily.
“What?” said Axel.
Behind the bookshelf, Alexander held back his own anger.
“Uhm, I’m sorry, but Selene won’t be awake,” Bell said quickly. “She needs to remain in a restful state until after the full moon. Otherwise, she could hurt herself.”
“So?” Jackson stated, looking at the three shocked faces in front of him.. “She doesn’t have to be awake for the blessing of the Goddess or the marking.”









Chapter 80 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
“You can’t be serious,” Bell said, unable to hide the disgust she felt.
Axel and Corrine remained quiet. Both looked at Jackson with confusion and disbelief. Axel waited to hear Jackson admit that he wasn’t serious, while Corrine wondered if he really was.
Behind the bookshelf, Alexander was struggling to maintain his composure.
‘How dare this bastard!’ he screamed in his mind. ‘To suggest something like that!’


“Why not?” Jackson asked. His tone made it clear that he saw no issue with his demand.
“Jackson…” Axel said, hoping again that his friend and future Beta was joking.
“What?” Jackson asked. “Selene and I are mates. Everyone knows that.”
“Yea, but that doesn’t mean–” Axel said, unable to finish his words.
“This is for her health,” Jackson interrupted, “she would agree if she could.”
“But she can….” Bell replied quickly, “there is no medical reason to rush this. She will be fine if we keep her sedated for the full moon. Then, when we wake her, we can discuss the diagnosis with her and let her make her own decision about marriage.”
“We were already supposed to be married,” Jackson huffed, “it’s not like she doesn’t want to be my wife. We didn’t push the wedding back because of anything to do with our relationship.”
“Then what reason is there to perform such an important and sacred ritual when she won’t even be aware of it?” came the voice of Alexander. He stepped out from behind the bookcase when he could no longer tolerate the detestable rantings of the pathetic man before him.
Bell felt a wave of relief wash over her. She didn’t understand what the relationship between Selene and Alpha Alexander was. Still, she knew he would not let Jackson force the marriage on her.
“It’s none of your business!” Jackson snarled, unable to control himself.
Jackson had heard that Alexander was back. He even suspected that Selene had seen Alexander from what they had told him of her condition. But to have the suspicion confirmed, it filled him with rage.
Alexander snarled back.
‘I don’t understand how she can choose him over me, how she could love a man that is willing to force her to be his wife,’ Alexander thought with bitter frustration.
“With all due respect,” Axel quickly said, moving between the two snarling men. “Alpha Alexander, I appreciate your concern for my sister, but you don’t really know her. So there is no reason for you to get involved.”
“Does he have to know her well to know that she should have a say in whether she gets married or not?” Bell asked, giving Axel an angry look.


“That’s not what I meant!” Axel replied hastily.
“I don’t see how you could mean anything else,” she said, turning away from him.
“Bell…” Axel called sadly.
“It doesn’t really involve you either, Bell,” Jackson growled.
“Hey!” Axel turned on Jackson.
“As her doctor, I am making it clear that there is no medical reason for the marriage to happen right now without her consent!” Bell shouted furiously. “So don’t you dare use that as your excuse to force her!”
Bell turned and walked back towards the treatment rooms. She was too angry to respond to Axel, who shouted for her to come back and talk calmly. As the doors closed behind her, she wondered for a moment if she should have stayed to make sure Corrine didn’t agree to the marriage.
But the memory of Alexander holding Selene’s hand and watching her closely came into her mind. She smiled to herself, feeling there was nothing to worry about.
Back in the waiting room, Alexander and Jackson continued to stare angrily at each other. But, Axel had become distracted by Bell’s reaction to his words.
“You have no right to interfere! You are an outsider and nothing to her! Nothing!” Jackson snarled.
“I am not of this pack, but I am a wolf, just like you and just like her. None of us like to be caged,” Alexander replied, taking a step towards Jackson.
Jackson growled.
“Are you implying that the mate bond is a cage?” Corrine asked softly.
Alexander turned to look at her for a moment before responding.
“With all due respect Luna Corrine, what I heard suggested is not a bond of mates,” he began, “The Goddess blessed us with our mate, but she also gave us a choice to accept or reject them. One mate deciding for both is not honoring that bond.”
Corrine nodded.
“I agree,” she said. “I would not feel comfortable proceeding with the bonding ceremony while Selene is unaware of what is happening. Neither would Alpha Wyatt.”
Alexander nodded and took a step back from Jackson.
Jackson could only swallow down the rage he felt. It wasn’t time to lose control. Instead, he needed to find another method to convince Selene to seal their bond. A way that no one, not even Alpha Wyatt, could deny him his mate.
“I’m sorry for my stupidity, my Luna,” Jackson bowed to Corrine. “I am just worried about Selene. I thought sealing our bond was the best and quickest way to help her.”
“I understand, Jackson,” Corrine smiled, “I know how much you love her. But Bell told us that Selene would be alright. So, there is no rush. We can perform the ceremony at the next full moon.”
“Yes, my Luna,” Jackson replied, bowing and hiding the anger in his eyes. “Since Bell has said that Selene is alright, I think I should return to my patrol.”
“It’s probably for the best,” Corrine replied.
Jackson bowed once more to Corrine before turning and leaving as quickly as he had come.
“Alpha Alexander?” Corrine called.
“Yes?” Alexander replied, turning to face her.
“I’m sorry, I was just curious,” Corrine smiled at him, a smile that most would find kind and charming, but Alexander recognized as suspicious and forewarning. “What exactly are you doing here? And how long have you been hiding behind that bookcase?”
Alexander turned, looking at where he had been since Bell sent him away from Selene’s room. Then, he turned back to Corrine with a smile of his own.
“Hiding, Luna Corrine?” he asked, “This is a waiting room. There is a chair beside the bookcase. How is it hiding to sit in a waiting room?”
“When you put it like that, it seems I suggested something strange,” Corrine smiled, “still I am curious how you found yourself ‘waiting’ here.”
“Well, that is easy enough to answer,” Alexander smiled, “I am here waiting for my Beta. We had to come in this morning when the wound had some complications. He is now receiving treatment.”
“Your beta was wounded?” Corrine asked, wondering how she had not heard about this already.
Alexander furrowed his brows, trying to decide if this was some kind of game or if she genuinely didn’t know.
“Yes, he was stabbed with an arrow yesterday,” he said bluntly.
Corrine’s eyes widened.
“Stabbed with an arrow?” she asked in disbelief.
“Yes,” Alexander replied.
“How could that have even happened?” she asked.
“Mother, maybe we should be focusing on Selene,” Axel tried to pull Corrine’s attention away. “We need to ask Bell if we can sit with her.”
“Axel, you will be Alpha of this pack one day,” she replied firmly, “one crucial part of your leadership role is to keep informed of what is happening within the pack. For example, the Beta of Summer is our guest, yet he was injured without our knowledge? This is unacceptable.”
Corrine scoffed in irritation. She didn’t know how she hadn’t heard such important news. This situation needed to be handled delicately, especially with the animosity between the two packs.
“You cannot turn a blind eye to this kind of mishandling of information, Axel,” Corrine retorted.
“I think, Luna Corrine, you are misunderstanding your son,” Alexander said, looking carefully at Axel, who turned away.
‘You knew what your friend did to my brother, and yet you kept quiet? Then I have no reason to treat you kindly regardless of whose brother you are.’ Alexander thought to himself.
Corrine saw the look between the two men.
“What do you mean?” she asked Alexander.
“It seems that the future alpha is very well aware of what happened to my Beta,” Alexander answered with a smile.
“What?” Corrine said, turning to Axel. He looked away from her as well, all but confirming what Alexander had said.
“My Beta, Galen, and your wolf, Jackson, got into an altercation yesterday. At the end of it, both were taken to the hospital. One with a few broken ribs and bruises. While the other had an arrow stabbed into his abdomen and out his back.” Alexander replied.
“I see,” Corrine replied. Her expression was neutral, her tone steady, but Alexander could see the storm raging behind her eyes. “I hope Galen makes a quick recovery; I would like to discuss the situation at another time if you don’t mind. Right now, I need to focus on my family.”
Alexander nodded and walked away with a smile when he saw the dark look cross over her face as she turned to face Axel.









Chapter 81 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
It had already been several hours since Galen had been put under observation, and yet Bell was nowhere in sight.
He had been told that she was called away for an emergency in the afternoon, but that was hours ago.
‘I thought she would at least stop in for a chat,’ he sighed to himself sadly.
The door to his room opened, and he sat up with anticipation, only to feel a great sense of disappointment when Peter entered the room.


Galen let out a deep sigh.
“Good to see you too,” laughed Peter.
“Sorry,” Galen replied.
“I know, I’m not who you are hoping to see,” Peter smiled, “I’m sorry to tell you, though, Bell has already gone home for the day. Didn’t she come to see you earlier? I told her which room you were in.”
“Guess she must have been busy,” Galen answered, wondering to himself if something had happened.
“Oh, wow, you got it bad, don’t you?” Peter said, noting Galen’s sad expression.
“What?” Galen asked tensely, “What do you mean? I just needed to talk with her about something… something medical.”
“What?” Peter asked, crossing his arms and raising an eyebrow. “You got complaints?”
Galen looked at Peter, not understanding his meaning at first, too distracted by his own thoughts. Then, however, Peter’s irritated expression finally registered, and Galen laughed.
“No, no, nothing about my treatments,” Galen said quickly, “I asked for her help with something, and I just had a couple questions, that was all.”
“Uh-huh,” Peter replied, not convinced, “and what was that?”
He continued his original task, washing his hands and preparing to check the wound for improvement.
Galen thought about it for a moment, wondering if there was any real risk in asking Peter about the wolfsbane. It seemed unlikely that the person responsible for the reports being withheld was from the hospital.
“I had asked her about the wolfsbane patients from the attack,” Galen said, testing the waters to see how Peter responded.
Peter lifted Galen’s shirt to see the wound. His response to Galen’s comment was a brief pause and a glance in Galen’s direction.


“Didn’t you get a copy of those records when it happened?” Peter asked before turning back to the wound.
“With the exchange program, I didn’t have the time to properly absorb the material,” Galen replied.
“I see,” Peter said.
Satisfied with the wound care, he put Galen’s shirt down and removed his gloves. He washed his hands and turned to face Galen once more. Leaning back against the counter, he crossed his arms.
“Ok, shoot,” Peter said.
“Huh?” Galen asked, confused by his meaning.
“Bell saw all the patients in the field, but when they were brought back here, I was the one who took over their care,” Peter replied. “Other than the two that died in the field, I can probably tell you anything she could.”
“Oh,” Galen said, “I didn’t realize.”
Peter smiled and tipped his head with a raised eyebrow showing that he was still waiting to be asked a question.
“Oh right!” Galen said.
Galen asked Peter several fundamental questions about the treatment of each patient and the hospital’s preparedness for cases of wolfsbane. Peter answered all the questions, nothing new. Galen already knew all the answers to his questions. Still, he needed to start slowly before asking what he really wanted to know.
“Do you remember how many patients were actually treated for injuries that day?” Galen asked, adding, “Specifically, those who were injured by weapon rather than claws or teeth.”
“Not the exact number, no, but there was a lot. Obviously, those we treated for the poison, but I think there were at least twice as many that we saw for injuries. Most weren’t very serious.”
“And what about Selene?” Galen asked.
“What about her?” Peter replied.
“I know she was treated for wolfsbane, she told me that, but I didn’t see her record with the others that Bell gave me,” Galen said.
“Bell gave you the records? You didn’t receive them after the attack?” Peter asked, a serious expression on his face as he pushed off the counter.
“No, that’s not what I meant,” Galen replied quickly, “as I said, I didn’t have time to review them. So I asked Bell for copies while I was here since I knew I had a little freedom in my schedule to review them.”
“Oh,” Peter replied, relaxing back against the counter.
‘His reaction to the records not being sent to Summer showed concern rather than suspicion,” Galen noted to himself.
“Well, yea,” Peter began, “The records you received in Summer would have been a complete record. But if Bell pulled copies for you, they would have only been the ones she treated. So even though I treated them at the hospital, she began treatment in the field and was able to chart on that.”
“So, she didn’t treat Selene? I heard she did,” Galen asked.
“No, not officially,” Peter replied.
“What does that mean?” Galen asked.
“So, from what I understand, Bell was taking care of a group of patients on the field. They had just realized that wolfsbane had been used. She heard someone say they saw Selene come in covered in blood. Bell got worried and went after her. She was directed to the showers, and there she found Selene, passed out from the effects of the poison,”
Galen gasped, he knew about the poisoning, but he was shocked to hear how close it had been to killing Selene.
“Bell reacted immediately. She called for help but knew it wouldn’t arrive in time,” Peter paused. He looked carefully at Galen before continuing as though he were deciding. “So, she performed an emergency blood transfusion.”
Galen was impressed. He already felt that she was special, but hearing about her quick thinking, she was excellent.
“Once help arrived, they were stabilized and brought back to the hospital. At which point I took over care.”
Galen glanced up at Peter. Once Alexander was informed of this, Peter would receive a gift. Whether Alexander admitted to it or not, he would thank the man who helped not only his Beta but his mate.
“It was touch and go with Selene for a while after that. Hers was the most advanced poisoning case after those that didn’t survive. But, honestly, if not for Bell, she wouldn’t have made it. For hours Selene fought fevers and an infection near her heart. But in the end, she was able to pull through,” Peter sighed at the memory. It had been rough, and he felt exhausted thinking about it.
Galen remembered the way Alexander had been that afternoon, his sudden shakes, and the way he broke into a fever. He had looked close to death, suffering for hours without any aid. He wouldn’t let Galen send for help, insisting it would pass. When it finally did, he was exhausted. He looked haggard. The surprise attack happened twenty minutes later. Somehow Alexander had pulled himself together and led his wolves against the assault.
“That’s remarkable,” Galen sighed.
“It was a hard day for all of us. As it was for all the packs,” Peter sighed.
“What do you mean?” Galen asked.
Peter gave Galen a confused look before answering.
“I mean exactly what I said. Although it was a hard day for all of us,” Peter said, “we don’t think we are special simply because we lost the most.”
Galen tried his best to conceal his shock at what Peter said.
“The losses from Spring and Autumn may have only been two and three, but even the loss of one is hard. I understand that Summer didn’t lose anyone to the wolfsbane, but now you have lost more than any other. I am truly sorry for your loss.”
“Thank you,” Galen nodded.
Peter nodded in return.
After a silent moment, Peter pushed off from the counter.
“I need to get back to work,” he said.
“Thank you for all your help,” Galen said.
Peter reached for the door and hesitated. Then, he turned back to face Galen.
“Based on the piece of technology I pulled from your wound this afternoon. It’s clear that your pack puts a lot of thought into advanced medical techniques,” Peter said quietly.
“Yes,” Galen replied, “it is something we take great pride in.”
“Can I assume the reason for your questions on this topic is to try to find a way to lessen the damage of wolfsbane in the future?” Peter asked.
“That is one reason, yes,” Galen answered, as honestly as he could.
“In the future, should you find an answer,” Peter looked back at the door as though he were checking for anyone listening. “Please contact me directly.”
Galen furrowed his brows, expressing his confusion.
“I honor and respect my pack and my Alpha, but I also honor my own beliefs as a doctor. So, therefore, if there is a way to save my patient, I will use it.”
Peter smiled at Galen before exiting the room.









Chapter 82 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
Alexander arrived in Galen’s room not long after Peter had left. The two friends joked and chatted for a moment before sharing the critical details of their respective days. Alexander explained what had happened with Selene and what followed with her family.
Galen was shocked and confused by the diagnosis. He had never heard of the mating sickness and worried that it might influence Alexander at the full moon the next night.
“From what I read on the subject, Selene will take the brunt of the bond during this moon. The main reason that Bell elected to keep her sedated was because of the intensity of the bond. So Selene will be feeling it for both of us,” Alexander replied, correcting himself, “or, I suppose, all three of us.”
Galen’s eyes widened. Remembering the full moon in Summer, he couldn’t help but wonder if sedation was enough.


“In theory, I won’t feel much of anything….” Alexander’s voice drifted off.
Galen looked at his friend. He smiled softly.
“She’ll be ok,” he said, “they will monitor her. They will keep her safe.”
Alexander only nodded in response.
“And what of your mission?” Alexander asked. “Did you ask Bell about the missing file?”
Galen began to share the details of his conversation with Peter, focusing on the new information he received about the pack reports.
“Spring and Autumn had losses to wolfsbane?” Alexander asked incredulously.
Galen nodded.
“That is what was reported to Winter. Obviously, not what was reported to us, so at this point… who knows what the truth is,” Galen sighed.
“I don’t believe the misinformation is coming from Winter,” replied Alexander.
“No, I don’t think so either.”
Between this and the bug infestation within Summer, it was clear that something was coming. The other packs were making silent moves. But the question was whether they were working together or on their own.
“Regarding Selene’s missing report,” Galen began, getting Alexander’s full attention, “it seems that Bell wasn’t responsible for most of her care. So, her report was prepared by Peter. He was the one that took over her treatment once she arrived at the hospital. He gave me the long and short of it. It sounds like she had it pretty bad.”
Alexander nodded, listening carefully as he thought back to how he had felt that day. The excruciating pain and weakness. Their bond shared her suffering, but only a portion of it. His heart ached to think how she must have felt. He shook away his thoughts, focusing on the information being reported.
“Selene told me that Bell was the one that saved her life,” Alexander stated, “But you are saying that it was Peter?”


“Well, not exactly,” Galen began. Then, pushing himself into a sitting position, he let out a soft, painful groan.
“Have you learned your lesson?” Alexander asked with a raised eyebrow.
“Oh please,” Galen replied, giving Alexander a look of heavy sarcasm. “Like you would have had a ‘peaceful’ response to the situation.”
Alexander shrugged his shoulders, looking away to hide his smile.
“Anyway,” Galen said, “Peter was the one who treated her in the hospital, and yes, of course, was a vital part of saving her life. But Bell was the one who found her and gave her an emergency transfusion. Without Bell, Selene would have never made it to the hospital.”
Alexander turned back to Galen, a focused look on his face.
“Bell gave her an emergency transfusion?” he asked.
Galen nodded.
Alexander turned away.
“What’s wrong?” Galen asked.
“Nothing,” Alexander replied, his expression softening, “I was just thinking that we should send Peter a few gifts, Bell too.”
Galen laughed.
“What?” Alexander asked.
“I knew you were going to say that.”
***
Bell was exhausted.
Her day had already been full before Selene had come into the hospital. But seeing her friend in the state she was in took a lot out of her.
Bell had come home hoping to take a warm bath and rest. But in the three hours, she had been home, she finished charting four different patients and called to request updates on those same four patients. Then, finally, she was visited by Luna Corrine to confirm there was nothing else they could do for Selene.
The sun had already set. But the day continued to drag on for Bell as she heard a knock at her door.
With a disgruntled sigh and light growl, she pushed herself off her chair and went to greet her uninvited guest.
“Look,” she sighed angrily as she was opening the door, “I don’t have anything else to tell anyone else. Call the hospital if you need an update on your loved one– Alpha Alexander?”
Bell was stunned, to say the least. She had expected, literally, anyone else but him. As he looked down at her, she assumed she would see the stern, cold man she had seen several times before. But instead, when their eyes met, she saw warmth and a slight smile.
“Good evening, Bell,” he said.
“Uh… hi,” she replied, blinking rapidly as though she thought he was some kind of hallucination.
“May I come in?” he asked.
“Oh… so you meant to come here?” she replied. Alexander let out a light chuckle. It only added to her confusion. “Ok… sure, I guess… uh come in.”
“Thank you,” he answered as he moved into the room.
Bell looked out behind him, expecting to see someone else with him. But, to her surprise, he was alone.
“Galen is still in the hospital for observation. I am told he will be able to leave in the morning,” Alexander said.
Bell quickly shut the door and turned to face him.
“Cool,” she replied, as nonchalantly as she was able at the moment, “I didn’t ask.”
“Not with words,” Alexander replied quietly.
Almost too quiet for her to hear, almost.
Bell pushed off the door and walked into the living area.
“Come in,” she said as she walked to a tray with two glasses and a pitcher of water. “I wasn’t expecting company. So I don’t really have anything to offer you beyond some water.”
“I don’t really need anything, thank you,” he replied, looking around her living room.
Her home was decorated simply. The furniture was comfortable, with lots of cushions and throw blankets. An oversized couch with a lounge extension. It was burgundy. It sat before a fireplace.
The fire was lit, casting a warm yellow glow on the rest of the room. A small dark wood coffee table between the couch and the fireplace had papers and wrappers scattered across it.
“Like I said,” Bell commented, “I wasn’t expecting company.”
From what he could see, she moved forward and gathered up the wrappers, Nutter Butter, Butterfinger, and Kit Kat.
“Please, have a seat,” Bell said as she dropped the wrappers into a wastebasket. She went over and poured herself a glass of water.
Alexander moved to the corner of the room, to a small desk and chair set. Taking the chair, he turned it toward the couch before sitting down. Bell took a seat on the sofa nearest to him, setting her glass on the table beside them.
“So…” Bell said awkwardly, “is there something I can help you with?”
Alexander smiled. He looked towards the fire as she spoke.
“I just spoke with Galen. He had a chat with Peter. I believe you know him. They talked about the reports that Galen requested from you on the cases of wolfsbane.”
Bell swallowed. She wondered if she shouldn’t have ignored the requests to visit from Galen. Was there something strange in her reports? She had clearly done something that drew the attention of Alpha Alexander.
“There were some questions about the treatment that Selene received, but no report had been provided. Luckily, Peter was kind enough to explain that he had treated her,” Alexander said. He reached out and grabbed the fire poker, adjusting one of the logs that had slipped.
‘Oh… so that’s it,’ Bell thought to herself, ‘he’s just concerned about Selene.’
She remembered the look on his face when he had brought Selene into the hospital that afternoon. The concern in his eyes. Something was going on. She knew it.
“Yes,” Bell replied with an awkward smile. She took a sip from her water. “He treated most of the patients at the hospital that day. We were all lucky he was able to save her.”
Alexander nodded.
“I did get a chance to look at her report,” he said, looking toward the ground, “I found it interesting.”
Bell nodded, taking another sip of her drink.
“It says that she received an emergency blood transfusion,” he stated.
Bell swallowed a large gulp of water. Her heart began to beat just a little faster. Then, she cleared her throat, putting the glass down on the table.
“Yes, she did,” Bell smiled carefully.
“It’s interesting, though,” Alexander said, “the chart simply states that she received blood as a part of her treatment.”
A foreboding sense of dread began to settle over Bell.
“Yet, Peter quite specifically said that you gave it to her,” Alexander said, turning to look at her, the firelight reflecting in his eyes.. “I would like to ask you a few questions, Bell.”









Chapter 83 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
Bell did her best to swallow down the panic.
“Yes… well, I didn’t really think you were here for a friendly chat….” Bell said nervously.
Alexander’s mouth tilted in a half-smile before he spoke.
“Three years ago, I made a recommendation to every pack, an emergency medical station. Did Winter implement this suggestion?”


Bell was confused.
“If I remember correctly, the recommendation was accepted. But when we offered to furnish them, we were rejected,” Alexander said.
“I wasn’t involved in any of those kinds of decisions at that time,” Bell replied.
“No, but you should still know the answer. Do you have emergency medical stations?” Alexander asked.
“We have a few first aid stations across patrol routes,” she answered with a sigh.
‘What is he getting at?’ she wondered.
“Have you ever been to Autumn?” Alexander asked, holding her gaze.
Bell felt her heart stop for just a moment, a crushing wave of anxiety descending over her.
‘Why is he asking about Autumn?’ Bell thought to herself. She tried her best to keep her heart steady.
“Yes,” she replied calmly, “I have been to Autumn.”
Alexander nodded.
“I would like to tell you a story,” he said.
Bell looked away, grabbed her glass, and quickly brought it to her lips.
“Go ahead,” she replied, taking a large gulp from her glass.
“Four years ago, I visited Autumn,” he began, “my father was Alpha at the time. He sent me as a representative. It was supposed to be a diplomatic mission. I was meant to visit for a week and keep the peace between our packs.”


“As is the duty of any member of an Alpha’s family,” Bell commented. Her tension eased as she thought of Axel. All the times he had been scolded by the Alpha and Luna for his lack of diplomacy.
“Indeed,” Alexander smiled before continuing. “That’s what the trip was supposed to be. But, unfortunately, that’s not how it turned out.”
Bell recognized the look on Alexander’s face, the sad resignation of having witnessed something so tragic a scar was left on his heart. A look she had seen many times in her life. On the faces of her patients, friends, and most often in the mirror.
“What happened?” she asked.
Alexander looked back at the fire before speaking.
“I had been there for two days. I was tired of the ‘royal’ treatment, so I snuck out of my room. I explored the city, ate, drank, and gambled. Autumn is a different kind of place; I had heard about it for years. The only other times I visited had been with my father and a full complement of guards. Not exactly the best way to find what I was looking for.”
“What were you looking for?” Bell asked without meaning to. She was at the edge of her seat, interested in his story, while scared of where it was leading.
“The truth,” he said quietly.
He looked back at her. Their eyes met for only a moment, an understanding with unspoken words. She looked away.
“While I walked the lower levels, the alleyways, I found people starving, dying. It was hard to see but not entirely surprising. My father had made me painfully aware of the fact that each pack had its own hierarchy, and it wasn’t my place to judge it.”
Bell pushed away from the dark memories that scratched at the edges of her consciousness.
“I thought I had seen everything I needed to. But as I went to return to my room, I caught something out of the corner of my eye. A moment, a curtain being pulled back just enough for me to see into the room. The smallest glimpse of a small arm, a small body, an innocent face.”
His voice was a blending of grief and anger, a low growl remaining just beneath the surface of his words.
“I moved toward the curtain. That was when I realized that I hadn’t gotten away from my room unnoticed. The Autumn guards had simply allowed me to walk where I wanted until I saw something I wasn’t supposed to.”
Alexander clenched his jaw. He thought back to that moment, three men walking towards him, two behind him, and at least two more around the corner. His hand absently moved to the side of his body, where he knew there was a deep scar beneath the fabric of his shirt.
One of the men had shifted, clamping their jaw down on him and tearing through the flesh. Alexander had almost died that day. He took a deep, cleansing breath.
Suddenly, a glass appeared before him. Alexander looked up into Bell’s gaze. He saw sympathy and understanding.
‘You have made a wise choice Galen, but a difficult one,’ he thought to himself.
Alexander took the glass, taking a small sip of the water.
“Thank you,” he said. Bell nodded in return.
He cleared his throat before continuing.
“I made my way to the curtain,” he sighed, “what I found… it was a young boy. Only seven or eight. He looked… deathly. His features were sunken in heavy dark circles. The look in his eyes… flat, empty.”
Bell brought her feet up on the couch, pulling her knees to her chest. Then, hugging herself tightly, she looked away from him.
“His arm was outstretched on a table with a tube sticking into his forearm. It took a moment for me to understand what I was seeing. The man on the other end of the tube asked who I was and why I was there. I looked up at him, and only then did I understand. As I watched the blood flowing from the boy’s frail body into the arm of this strong young man. A man who sat reading a magazine as the boy across from him was clearly dying.”
Alexander finished his sentence with a deep snarl. Bell squeezed her eyes shut, stopping the tears from flowing out.
“I don’t remember exactly what happened after that, I know I attacked the man, but I was suffering from blood loss and lost consciousness. When I woke again, I was back in my room, healed.
“A woman entered my room, a nurse. She said she needed to check my stomach. I knew I had a large wound, but the damage was almost entirely healed when she pulled the bandage. I asked how long I had been asleep. When she told me it had only been a day, I didn’t understand.”
Alexander gripped his hands in tight fists. The memory was painful, and even more than that, it still infuriated him.
Bell understood. She knew the rest of the story without him telling her. It gripped her heart. Anger, sadness, and fear fought for dominance in her mind.
“Alpha Tomas entered the room then,” Alexander began again, his voice laced with a sadness that had remained with him all these years, “he told me they couldn’t let me die. They couldn’t tell my father how close I was to death either. So, they treated me. They used their most ‘advanced’ healing techniques.”
Bell pressed her forehead against her knees, stifling a cry.
“That was when he took me to see the boy’s body.”









Chapter 84 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
“Alpha Tomas took great pleasure in explaining to me how quickly my wound had healed once the very last drops of the boy’s blood ran through my veins,” Alexander growled quietly. “He decided that the best way to punish my intrusion was to force me to be a part of his disgusting crime.”
Bell could no longer hold back the tears.
“He knew that because I wasn’t the Alpha of my pack, I had no right to interfere or take action against him. That my job was to keep the peace between us.”
Bell looked up over her knees. Through her blurred vision, she saw his clenched jaw and fists. He was still angry over what had happened, even after four years. It gave her a slight sense of relief.


“But he didn’t know me,” Alexander snarled. “I attacked him on the spot.”
Alpha Tomas was a strong man, a cruel man. Bell was shocked that Alexander had not only attacked him but survived.
“How is it possible I don’t know about this? Any wolf attacking an Alpha should have been news. Still, an Alpha’s son attacking another Alpha… that’s practically an act of war,” Bell stated.
Alexander nodded.
“It should have been,” he replied, “but Alpha Tomas kept it quiet. He locked me up for a week. I was beaten and whipped, over and over. He was having fun while he waited for my father to respond.”
Alexander stood up. He put an arm on the mantel, feeling the heat of the fire against his body. He remembered how wet and sticky the ground of the cold dark room had become as his blood soaked into it, again and again.
He had never backed down. On the contrary, every time they came to him, he would never submit, taking an even more vigorous beating than they had planned to give.
“Your father let Alpha Tomas beat you for a week?” Bell asked.
“No,” Alexander chuckled. “Alpha Tomas told my father that I had stuck my nose where it didn’t belong, and I would be punished for it. My father agreed that I should be punished. But, promised not to interfere until I could admit my mistake and ask for help.”
“So… he did let you get beaten?” Bell asked, confused.
Alexander turned and held her gaze as he spoke.
“He gave me time.”
“For what?” she asked.
“To cleanse myself.”
Bell furrowed her brow. She didn’t understand what he meant until suddenly, she did. Then, her expression softened. She gasped softly and felt a slight pang of sadness grip her heart.


“You were trying to get his blood out of your system.”
Alexander nodded. He moved back to his chair, taking a drink of his water. Then, he leaned forward, placing his elbows on his knees and looking to the ground.
“I wasn’t ungrateful,” he said, “I was glad to be alive. But my life was not worth his. It was too high a price.”
Bell looked away.
“What happened? After that week.”
“I told Alpha Tomas I was ready to ask for help,” Alexander said, sitting back in his chair. “He smiled, thinking he had beat me. I’m sure he thought he had something to hold over my father at that point.”
“He didn’t?” Bell asked. She had assumed that no one had heard about the incident because Alpha Cain had rolled over and given in to Tomas.
“No,” Alexander chuckled, “when my father arrived, he very calmly looked me over, then sent me away. I wasn’t able to witness what happened, but when they came out, Alpha Tomas had a bloody lip and a stifled rage in his eyes.”
Alexander smiled to himself.
“I don’t believe it,” Bell said. She wasn’t looking at him, but he could hear the tears, the anger in her heart. “Alpha Tomas wouldn’t just let something like that go.”
“I didn’t say he did,” Alexander replied. “There were negotiations and debates between our packs for two months after that day. I don’t know what exactly my father gave Tomas, only that whatever it was, it didn’t affect my people or anyone else’s. It was a personal exchange between them.”
“Your father must have loved you a lot to risk a war because of how you were treated.”
“He did,” Alexander replied softly, “the bloody lip, that was for me. But the negotiations, the debates, those weren’t about me.”
Alexander leaned forward again; he reached a hand to Bell. The warmth of his hand fell just above her foot, it surprised her, but she did not recoil from his touch.
“Alpha Cain demanded an explanation of what I witnessed, and then he demanded that this barbaric act be stopped immediately,” Alexander said.
Bell turned. Their eyes met. He held a soft expression, hers, new unshed tears.
“As I said, I don’t know the details of the deal they made from my father’s end. But I do know that for at least the past three years, members of the Autumn pack with a rare blood type are no longer in danger of being enslaved for their blood. Now, all blood types are registered, and incentives are offered for participation in donations.
“Safety protocols were put in place and monitored in Summer to ensure that no one wolf is giving too much or having too much taken. We have also had some success in replicating the healing properties of this rare blood type, allowing us to offer synthetic blood to offset the need for donation.”
The tears fell once more. Bell felt a weight relaxing from her shoulders. She put her head back down against her knees.
“All I mean to say by sharing this story. Is that I know that anyone who may have lived in Autumn more than four years ago, especially with a particular blood type… had a rough life.”
Though his tone and words were careful, they stung and shamed her.
“And if such a person were still willing to offer their own blood, after everything they suffered. Especially to someone that I care about, like Selene. I consider them a friend, and I owe them my own life.”
A long silence passed between them. Finally, Alexander nodded his head to her before standing to leave.
“Does Galen know?” she asked, her head still hidden against her knees.
Alexander smiled softly before answering.
“The Emergency Medical Stations I asked about earlier contain blood bags and a transfusion kit. I had them commissioned after my time in Autumn,” he replied. “Any wolf of Summer that heard about an emergency transfusion would assume that a kit was used.”
Bell turned her head but did not lift it.
“He doesn’t know what happened in Autumn?” she asked.
“I wasn’t Alpha at the time, and he was on rotation amongst the humans,” he said. “One of the stipulations made by Alpha Tomas was that no one else could know what happened.”
“Sounds right,” she sighed sadly, turning her head back against her knees.
Alexander looked down at the woman before him. Strong yet frail, a healer that needed healing.
“You could, you know,” he said, “tell him. He would understand.”
Bell snorted a bitter laugh. She lifted her head, resting her chin on top of her knees.
“He would burn down the whole of Autumn,” she smiled to herself.
“Yea,” Alexander chuckled. “He probably would.”
“And he would never look at me the same,” she said quietly.
Alexander couldn’t deny it. He knew she was right. Galen wouldn’t reject or abandon her for her past. But he would treat her with care. Without meaning to, he would pity her.
“It is your decision,” Alexander said. “But, if you care for him the way I think you do, the way I know he does. You will at least consider it.”
“Maybe,” she said, “I don’t know.”
Alexander nodded, having nothing else to add.
“I should go,” he said. “I don’t mean to intrude on you any more than I have.”
He turned to walk to the door.
“Wait…” she said quietly.
He turned back to her.
“Can you stay with me? Just for a little while,” she asked, looking up sadly into his eyes.
***
“Renee!” a familiar voice called out from behind her.
“Jackson?” she called back as he ran up to her.
“Hey,” he smiled, “listen, could I get you to do me a favor? I need to check on a patrol along the border, but I really wanted to check in with Bell about Selene’s condition.”
“I heard she was in the hospital… how is she?” Renee asked.
“I don’t really know. I wasn’t even able to see her before I had to return to patrol,” Jackson sighed disappointingly.
Renee felt jealous and happy for Selene to find such a loving mate. However, she perked up and immediately decided to do her best to support them.
“What can I do?” she asked.
Jackson smiled.
“Can you go see Bell before she goes to bed? See if there is anything else she can tell you?” he asked.
Renee quickly agreed and left to find Bell. Jackson watched her go, smiling as he remembered watching Alexander sit down on the couch beside Bell.
He didn’t know or care what they talked about.. All that mattered was someone other than him, seeing them alone together.









Chapter 85 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
“Saul just dropped off the rest of the gear,” Galen called out as he entered the room.
“Great,” Alexander answered, offering Galen a pile of clothing. “Guess it was good that mom insisted I bring you some extra clothes.”
“I do appreciate it,” Galen smiled, taking the shirts from Alexander. “A surprise camping trip in the snowy mountains was not on my mind while I packed to come to Winter.”
“Better safe than sorry,” Alexander replied. “I think putting some distance between Selene and myself for the full moon is probably necessary.”


“But doesn’t that mean the bond will have an effect on you?” Galen asked.
“I don’t know,” Alexander sighed, looking up at Galen. “But I’d rather that than have her take it all on herself. You know what to do if it does, right?”
“Yea… another all-night game of wolf tag.” Galen sighed.
Alexander chuckled.
Galen watched as Alexander finished prepping his backpack. He was surprised when Alexander had suggested this impromptu trip, but it made sense. And while he hesitated at first, Galen realized that he also needed a little time away.
He was sure now that Bell was avoiding him. He knew she was at the hospital, but she never once came to see him. Galen had even tried tracking her down himself when he was discharged. Finally, he had caught sight of her in the hallway. She noticed him and turned down another hallway.
‘It’s clear that she doesn’t want anything to do with me. I must have misunderstood her,” Galen thought to himself.
He had never felt anything like this before, this affection, attraction, disappointment.
“Looks like maybe we both need this trip,” Alexander said.
Galen was confused. Alexander directed his eyes down towards his chest. Galen followed his eyes, leading him to see his hands holding one of the shirts he had been given, now torn in half.
“Crap,” he sighed.
“You, ok?” Alexander asked, taking the torn shirt from Galen.
“Yea.”
“Ok,” Alexander said, dropping the shirt in the wastebasket. He turned and gave Galen a mischievous smile. “But I’m telling mom you tore up the shirt she gave you.”
Alexander immediately ran into the bathroom and closed the door; Galen was right behind him.


“Alexander! Alexander, don’t!” Galen shouted as he pounded on the door.
***
“Keep her on a steady dose. You can monitor her numbers at the nurses’ station. I want to know if there are any changes.”
“Yes, ma’am.”
The nurse noted down the numbers on the monitor before exiting the room. Bell looked back at Selene sleeping peacefully in the hospital bed.
Her fever was up, heart rate had slowly increased but evened out. The moon would be in the sky soon. Another hour at most.
Bell had never handled a case of mating sickness herself. But from what her mother had said about her father, it would get much worse before it got better. So she just needed to get her through the night.
“Hang in there, girl. I got you,” Bell whispered to Selene with a smile.
Bell left the room after checking that the sedative was flowing at the appropriate rate.
Not long after Bell had left, the door opened. Carrying a large bouquet of multicolored flowers, Renee entered the room.
“Hey Selene,” she said quietly, whispering as though she were afraid to wake her.
Renee set the flowers down on the counter beside the sink. Then, she looked around the room and found a place beside the bed to display them.
“There,” she smiled, “isn’t that better?”
Renee adjusted them so that the brightest and prettiest were displayed proudly.
“I’ll tell you a secret,” Renee whispered, looking down at her friend. Then, she leaned down near Selene’s ear, “he told me not to tell anyone they were from him. But it’s just too sweet not to! Jackson asked me to deliver these beautiful flowers to you!”
Renee stood up, looking back at the flowers. She reached a hand and touched one of the pedals.
“You are so lucky, Selene,” Renee sighed dreamily, “You found a terrific mate. I hope I get that lucky too one day.”
She sat down beside Selene and took her hand. She talked with her about nothing for a long time. Just wanted to give her a friendly presence in the room. Finally, after an hour, she knew it was time to go. The nurse at the desk had told her that was the longest she could stay.
Renee stood up, leaning forward and hugging Selene. She caught a glimpse of the flowers from the corner of her eye. She stood up and smiled at her friend.
“You don’t mind sharing, do you?” Renee asked teasingly. She reached over and pulled out two of the flowers, bringing them to her nose and inhaling the sweet scent deeply.
Suddenly she remembered something she had seen the night before.
“Actually, Selene, I do have one piece of gossip to share with you….” Renee smiled playfully, “but you can’t tell anyone.”
Renee leaned forward, though she did not lower her voice.
“I saw Alpha Alexander coming out of Bell’s house last night, he turned to say goodbye, and they even hugged!” Renee gasped in a feigned shock. “Who knows how long he was in there… or what they got up to!”
Renee giggled to herself. When she had seen the moment shared between her friend and the Alpha of Summer, she had been concerned. Renee wasn’t sure what to do. So, instead of talking to Bell like she had told Jackson she would, she had simply gone home to think about what she had witnessed. But, in the end, the more she thought about it, the more she realized that Bell deserved whatever happiness she could get, no matter who it was with.
“I know our packs aren’t on good terms or anything, but I gotta say… she could do worse!” Renee said softly, looking at Selene as though she were waiting for a response.
Renee sighed to herself, not noticing the presence of another person in the room.
“I know you are tired, honey. I know you have had a rough time lately. But we all need you to come out of this. So get some rest, but tomorrow I expect you to be up nice and early. Bright eyes and bushy tail! Got it!” Renee demanded playfully.
She took Selene’s hand once more, giving it a soft squeeze.
As Renee turned to leave the room, she gasped in surprise at the woman standing at the door.
“Luna Corrine…” Renee managed to say, barely recovering her senses enough to remember to salute her properly.
“Hello, Renee,” Corrine said.
“I was just sitting with her, talking with her. I hoped it might help ease her mind,” Renee said quickly.
“Yes, I had the same thought,” Corrine smiled, walking to the end of Selene’s bed and looking down at her daughter lovingly. “I must see to the new wolves, but I thought I could stop in and chat with her for a few minutes before the moon is out.”
“Great idea, I will give you some privacy,” Renee said, quickly moving towards the door.
“Actually,” Corrine said, stopping Renee in her tracks, “I would rather have a word with you. You mentioned something to Selene that sounded rather interesting.”
Corrine turned to face Renee, a stern expression on her face.
“So, what was it you were saying about Alpha Alexander and Bell?”
Selene stepped carefully through the mist and fog. Her bare foot touched the soft, cold earth beneath her. Reaching forward, her hand found the bark of a tree.
“Hello?” she called out, only receiving her echo in response.
She tried to look around her, to see anything she recognized at all. It was pointless. The fog was so thick she could hardly see her own hand in front of her.
“Where am I?” she asked herself out loud.
“With me,” a soft voice called back to her.
“Hello?!” Selene called back quickly, her heart picking up the pace. Whether it was from fear or joy that she wasn’t alone, she didn’t know. “Who’s there?”
She quickly changed her positioning. Placing the tree behind her back and adjusting her footing to a more defensive stance. But, looking around, she still saw nothing, heard nothing.
“Come out!” she demanded. Her eyes moved all around her, darting back and forth, trying to catch any sign of movement.
Just as she began to think that she might have simply imagined the voice, as her heart finally began to ease, everything changed.
Selene gasped at the sudden and overwhelming prickling sensation that ran over her body. A wave of pleasure rolled through every nerve.
“Ah…” A soft moan escaped her lips, her knees grew weak. She fell back against the tree to steady herself.
Or rather, what had been a tree moments ago.
The firmness of his chest pressed against her back. His strong hands moved down over her shoulders and arms, wrapping at her waist.
She closed her eyes, breathing deeply through her nose. Selene couldn’t focus, feeling his body against her, so close to him. She felt drunk in his presence.
“I’m here with you, Selene,” he whispered softly against her throat, his warm breath tickling her nerves and sending another burst of pleasure that reached down to her toes.
His mouth pressed delicate kisses behind her ear and trailed down her throat, drawing forth small gasps and moans of delight from her.
Desperate to regain her senses, she pulled away, turning to face him. He smiled down at her, tender yet devilish. She felt the desire in her rising again. Their eyes met, hazel to grey.
“Alexander?” she whispered.
He smiled for her again, reaching his hand up to rest on her cheek.









Chapter 86 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
“Who else would it be?” he replied.
Selene felt a sense of relief deep within her heart.
“I–what was that?”
Her words were interrupted by a sound drawing her attention to something behind her.


She turned but saw nothing. The fog seemed to be thinning, she could see trees around her now, but she didn’t know where the sound had come from.
“Maybe it was just an animal,” she said quietly.
“Probably,” he answered in a voice that belonged to someone else.
Selene turned back quickly, shocked and confused by what she saw. Black hair, pale blue eyes.
“Jackson?” she asked in disbelief.
“Yea…” He furrowed his brows, his mouth tilted in a lopsided grin. “Expecting someone else?”
Selene’s heart was racing once more. She looked around them. Alexander was nowhere in sight.
“I don’t understand…” she said.
“Selene, what’s wrong?” Jackson asked, reaching out to her.
She turned back to him, his kind smile offering her a comfort she hadn’t felt in what seemed like a lifetime. She smiled, taking a deep breath. She did her best to relax. Selene took his hand, feeling his warmth, kindness, and love for her.
“Nothing,” she said, returning his smile. “I just got confused for a minute.”
“But you’re not confused anymore, are you?” a voice said from behind her. “Not really.”
Selene’s eyes widened, she slowly turned. There he was, a devilish grin proudly on his face, just like earlier.
“You know what you really want,” Alexander smiled, “you just have to accept it.”
He reached his hand out to her.


Selene felt her heart beating strongly in her chest, pounding faster and faster. She was sure it was going to explode at any moment. Even her breathing was getting difficult.
She looked back at Jackson. He was still there, still offering her the comforting smile she had loved for so long. He held her hand firmly but said nothing. She turned to Alexander.
Selene took a step towards him. Jackson did not let her go, holding her hand but not pulling her back. She looked between them once more. They remained still, waiting for her to make a move. Swallowing down her fear and confusion, she took another step, this time feeling the resistance from Jackson.
She looked back at him. Tears in his eyes, his smile faltering. He said nothing, but she knew he was begging her to stay. It hurt.
Selene looked back at Alexander. His devilish grin was gone. He looked at her sincerely now, with no arrogance, no assumptions. Pure, honest, acceptance. He opened his arms to her, his heart, his home. He would give her anything, he would take her anywhere, and he would treat her as his equal. All she had to do was take his hand.
She raised her arm towards him, their fingers almost touching.
Just as their fingers were about to touch, a pain like she had never felt before stung her arm. She tucked the arm into her chest protectively. Looking for injuries, she found nothing. Not even the scar that she knew should be there. The pain did not stop, however.
“Ah!” she cried out, falling to her knees. It burned through her shoulder and seemed to be spreading into her chest. “Help me!”
When Selene looked up to either of her mates for help, she found herself alone. The fog and mist were gone, but a dark crimson red now covered the sky. She looked up to see the Blood Moon above her.
The sound of something cutting through the air reached her ears before she saw it with her own eyes. She jumped out of the way just in time. The arrow found purchase in the earth where she had been.
Selene immediately moved behind the nearest tree for cover.
“Hiding?” he laughed, “How predictable.”
Selene looked around the tree. Alexander stood in the open, looking around.
“Alexander?” she called.
He smiled, turning to where she was hiding.
“There you are.”
He ran at her. The expression on his face was filled with rage. She tried to get up, but the pain overwhelmed her once more, and she stumbled to the ground. Giving him enough time to reach her. Selene struggled, kicking and squirming as he grabbed at her.
‘Why can’t I fight?’ she asked herself, feeling as though all of her strength were leaving her body.
Alexander grabbed her roughly, picking her up and pulling her out from behind the tree. He threw her down to the ground. She landed hard, crying out from the pain.
He laughed.
“Alexander?” she called out desperately, “Stop! You’re hurting me!”
Alexander looked down at her, his eyes filled with a cold rage she didn’t recognize.
“That’s the point,” he snarled. Kicking her painfully.
Her body was on fire. The pain from her arm continued to send out bursts of crippling waves. But the pain in her heart was unbearable.
“I don’t understand!” she shouted through tears. “Why are you doing this?”
He bent down and lifted her to her knees. She didn’t struggle.
Alexander squatted down, so they were face to face.
“Alexander…” she whispered, unrestrained tears streaming down her face, “I don’t understand….”
“Don’t you?” he asked, a bitter smile on his face. “I’m going to kill you. Do you understand that?”
Selene couldn’t breathe. Her heart was pounding in her ears. The pain in her arm was spreading over her entire body.
“No…” she managed to gasp out. “No… you love–“
“I love you?” he laughed, “Is that what you think?”
His cold eyes stared back at her. They were unrecognizable.
“I used you, Selene,” he snarled, clenching his jaw tightly. “I pretended to care about you, to love you. And you ate it up.”
“No…” she cried out in anguish.
Her chest was tightening, her lungs working harder than ever before.
“Afraid so, baby girl,” he smiled, putting his hand on her chin softly.
“Why?” she asked. The world around her was beginning to lose its color. She could hardly keep herself up anymore.
“Because your father deserves to lose his precious princess,” he growled, grabbing her chin roughly. “I don’t give a damn about you, Selene. All I have ever wanted is to make your father suffer.”
Alexander reached his hand behind his back, bringing forth a hunting knife. He smiled at her.
“Thanks for all your help.”
He pulled her chin towards him, crushing their mouths together, forcing a rough kiss on her before he plunged the knife into her chest.
She screamed into his mouth as he held her firmly against him.
The blackness settled over her as she felt the life draining from her body. The last thing she heard was his bitter laugh.
***
“What the hell happened!” Bell shouted, running into the room and pushing past the nurse.. She checked Selene for a pulse. “Damn it! We need a crash cart! Now!”
“What the hell did you do!” Jackson snarled angrily at the woman standing before him.
“Exactly what was asked of me, sugar,” the woman smiled.
Jackson shoved her hard against a tree, pinning her down with his arm held to her throat. He snarled at her once more.
Unphased by his anger, Alice cleared her throat.
“I don’t mind getting a little rough, but we really need to establish safe words before we get started,” she smiled mischievously.
Jackson snarled again, pushing down on his arm a little more force.
“I might also point out that if anything happens to me, Holden will be mighty unhappy about it,” she smiled. “Now, I know he seems like a real sweetheart puppy with no bite to him, but I should warn you. There’s more Jabberwock than Dormouse in that man.”
“What is it with you people and this Alice in Wonderland crap!?” Jackson growled in frustration, though he did let her go.
Alice smiled to herself, straightening out her shirt and zipping up her jacket. She placed her hands in her pockets and leaned back against the tree casually.
“Force of habit,” she replied nonchalantly, “boss man likes it, makes it easier to stay on his good side.”
Jackson huffed. Alice watched him pacing back and forth for a minute. Obviously, he was angry, but she saw something else, concern, fear. It made her curious.









Chapter 87 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
“I enjoy a handsome man brooding as much as the next gal. Those baby blues really pop with the furrowed brow and all that huffing,” Alice said, giving herself a moment to enjoy the view.
Jackson turned to find her looking him up and down with a hunger in her eyes. He growled at her, feeling a profound irritation at her unwanted attention.
“Anyway,” Alice chuckled, rolling her eyes, “what exactly is the complaint?”
“The problem is that the shit you gave me almost killed her!” he snarled, once more moving as though he would attack her.


This time, however, Alice was faster than him. Nestled safely within her pocket was a collapsible steel baton. She pulled it out, extending it before her, pointing it directly at him.
“I should mention that I am no Dormouse either,” Alice smiled.
Jackson stopped, growling. He considered whether it was worth it to let out some of his anger.
“You’re too pretty for such complicated thoughts, sugar,” Alice cooed, “I’m going to make it really simple for you. Ok? You can’t take me on, and even if you could, you can’t handle the fallout. So, save me the paperwork, and let’s get back on track.”
He let out a loud growl but moved away from her.
“What happened to her?”
“Her heart stopped!” Jackson shouted angrily, back to pacing back and forth. “You were just supposed to help influence her against the last person she saw, not kill her!”
Just as she had been trained for many years to do, she showed no outward reaction. Keeping her expression either playful or neutral.
“That’s not possible,” Alice replied with confidence. She had used it many times. She knew how it worked.
“And yet, that’s exactly what happened!” he growled.
“The device I gave you creates a mist that affects the brain chemistry. Activating the areas of the brain that contain fear and your sense of danger, as well as short-term memory. It wouldn’t affect the heart directly. At most, it could have increased blood pressure, temporarily.”
“Her heart stopped! Stopped!” he hissed. “They used paddles to shock her heart. They pumped adrenaline into her. She almost died!”
Alice clenched her jaw and swallowed.
“Did you follow the directions I gave you?” she asked.
“I followed the directions Holden gave me,” Jackson said.


Since her arrival in Winter, Alice had been unable to get warm. But hearing that Holden had given this man a different set of directions sent a chill down her spine.
“What directions?” she asked.
“You told me that I had to mist the air around her, but because of the full moon, I wasn’t allowed to visit her,” he began, “I called Holden. He explained how to open the device and take out the liquid. He told me I just needed to get it on something that could be placed in her room.”
“What did you do?” she asked, fighting to hold back the mix of anger and panic that she was feeling.
“I sent her a bouquet of flowers.”
“And how much of the liquid did you use on these flowers?” she asked carefully.
“A couple drops on each of the flowers,” Jackson replied.
“You fucking idiot,” she sighed, unable to hold back anymore. “The reason that this liquid is used in an aerosol form is because of how potent it is. He told you just to get it into her room, one drop. That’s all you needed!”
Jackson’s eyes widened.
“I did this?” Jackson asked quietly.
“This is no longer my problem. You need to go get those flowers out of that room before anyone else is affected by them!” Alice shouted angrily as she turned and began to walk away.
“I’m the reason Selene almost died?” he whispered.
Alice once more felt that chill running down her spine. She stopped in her tracks.
“Selene?” she asked, “Alpha’s daughter? That Selene?”
Alice turned as she spoke, seeing Jackson nod his head, confirming her fear.
‘That son of a bitch…’ she thought to herself.
“Then, you’re Jackson? The mate?” she asked.
He nodded once more.
She took a deep breath. Focusing her thoughts, remembering her training, and made her expression as neutral as she could.
“Jackson, you need to go right now to the hospital and get rid of those flowers. Drown them, shred them, and destroy any trace of them. Then, in the next hour or two, I will call you. When I call, you come. No questions, no excuses.”
“Why?” he asked.
“You’re terrible at this no questions thing,” she sighed, “but this one I will answer. If you don’t come when I say, then I can’t guarantee Selene’s heart won’t stop again.”
Alice walked away without another word. Jackson called out to her, but she didn’t listen. Then, when she was sure he couldn’t see her, she hid and watched him leave.
Once he was gone, she pulled out her phone.
“You should have told me it was for Selene,” Alice spoke into the phone.
“When have I ever told you who it was for?” Holden replied. She could hear the smile in his voice.
Alice closed her eyes, feeling the frustration in her gut growing larger by the second.
“Using this on her… you knew how her body would react,” Alice stated, holding back as much as she could, but it was a struggle. “Wolfsbane doesn’t leave the system, ever. Combining the two, that’s poison.”
“Is it?” Holden sighed on the other end of the line, “must have slipped my mind.”
Alice bit her lip to keep from making a sound, from reacting in any way.
“Will I see you for dinner tonight?” he asked, as though it were a casual conversation.
Alice swallowed down her thoughts, feelings, all the unsavory things that she had been trained to forget.
“No,” she replied, “I will head home in the morning. I haven’t seen Alpha Alexander or his Beta yet. You wanted a report on their movements as well, correct?”
Holden was quiet at first. He cleared his throat before he spoke.
“‘I wish I hadn’t cried so much!’ said Alice, as she swam about, trying to find her way out. ‘I shall be punished for it now, I suppose, by being drowned in my own tears!’”
Alice clenched her jaw and closed her eyes.
“Don’t drown in your own tears, dearest Alice, and don’t shed them so lightly.”
Holden spoke with warning and disgust before the line disconnected.
Alice let out a breath she didn’t realize she was holding. Then, gasping for air, she fell to her knees.
“Ahh!!” she screamed as she hit the ground, flinging snow all around her.
Taking only a moment, Alice picked herself up. She took a deep breath and brushed off the loose bits of snow.
“Let’s get to work, sugar,” she said to herself, her playful mask restored once more.
Her eyes fluttered open drowsily as the sound of a bird outside the window stirred her from sleep. The speckled grey tiles that came into focus above reminded her that she was still in a hospital room.
Selene sighed, bringing her arm up to rest on her forehead. She closed her eyes, wondering if it was possible to fall back asleep again.
Alexander’s cold eyes flashed in her mind. She gasped and looked back around the room.
‘Awake. Awake is better,’ she thought to herself.
“Hey…” a voice called from the door.
Selene turned to see a smiling Bell entering the room.
“Hey,” Selene smiled back.
“How are you doing?” Bell asked as she moved to stand beside the bed. Immediately checking Selene’s pulse.
“I’m ok. I guess,” Selene sighed.
“You guess?” Bell questioned, “what’s going on? Are you in pain anywhere?”
Selene shook her head. Bell looked at the monitors, reviewing her stats to check for any problems.
“It’s just strange to be told your heart stopped,” Selene stated.
Bell turned and looked at Selene with a soft expression. She sat down at the end of her bed.
“I can’t imagine,” Bell said, placing her hand on top of Selene’s.
“You still don’t know what happened?” Selene asked.









Chapter 88 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
“No,” Bell shook her head, “I have tests running, but at this point, they’re all guesses. You didn’t happen to remember any allergies that we might not have known about, did you? Maybe I could narrow it down?”
“No,” Selene said, “though Jackson did take the flowers away. He said he was afraid it was his fault, that maybe I was allergic to one of them. Mother tried telling him they were fine, but he wanted to be sure.”
Bell nodded, she had also considered that the flowers could be the cause, but it didn’t make sense. She knew Selene had never had a problem with flowers before.
“He even came back later with a box of chocolates to make up for taking the flowers,” Selene laughed. “He sat there and watched me eat every one of them. He said he needed to know that I truly enjoyed them.”


Selene was smiling. Her story was happy, yet, Bell could see that something was weighing her down.
“Is there something else you want to talk about?” Bell asked.
Selene looked away.
“Can you tell me what happened?” Selene asked quietly, “not why, just… what you saw.”
Bell hesitated, she wasn’t sure if giving Selene the details was a good idea, but in the end, she knew it was Selene’s choice.
“It was strange,” Bell said, “it was like your heart just stopped… Your breathing was strained, and it seemed like you had an allergic reaction. As to why we have been looking for an allergen of some sort. But your heart… it was like something just made it give up.”
Selene felt a tightening in her gut as she remembered the pain of Alexander plunging the knife into her chest.
“Selene…” Bell called to her. “What’s wrong?”
“I’m fine,” Selene said quietly, telling herself to calm down.
“That’s not what the monitor says.”
Selene turned to see Bell watching as the pulse rate grew higher and higher. She sighed and laid back in bed.
The door opened, a nurse poked her head in.
“It’s ok, I’m with her. You don’t need to monitor for now,” Bell said, waving the nurse back out of the room.
When the door closed, Bell turned back to Selene.
“Help me understand.”


“I don’t know either. How could I?” Selene replied.
“You know something,” Bell stated frankly, “and I’m not asking you as your friend, Selene. I need to know. As your doctor.”
Selene sighed deeply.
“It’s nothing, really. It was just a bad dream.”
“You had a bad dream last night?” Bell asked. “When your heart gave out?”
“Yea.”
“So, it was Jackson… did he do something to you? Did he hurt you!?” Bell demanded, jumping up from the bed.
“No!” Selene shouted. “Besides, even if he did, it was just a dream.”
Bell sat back down.
“Maybe, but at the same time, it’s not.”
“What do you mean?”
“I mean, it was the full moon, and you were pretty bad off with the mating sickness. So, it’s not impossible that your ‘dream’ could have manifested a physical problem for you,” Bell stated.
Selene gave Bell a confused but concerned expression.
“Look, the bond isn’t something we completely understand medically or scientifically. But just think of what happens when a mate dies. The one who lives feels it as if it were happening to them. Some of the survivors are left physically crippled by the event.”
“So, you think my dream caused my heart to stop?” Selene asked.
“That depends on what you dreamt.”
Selene looked away once more.
“It wasn’t Jackson,” she sighed sadly.
“What do you mean?” Bell asked.
Taking a deep breath once more, Selene decided.
“Alpha Alexander… is my mate,” she said quietly, “the dream….”
“Wait…” Bell interrupted. She shook her head in confusion. “I don’t understand… I thought maybe you and he… but… mate? What about Jackson? I don’t….”
“Yea,” Selene replied, “him too.”
“Both of them?”
“Yep.”
“Wow…” Bell sighed, then let out a small giggle. “Renee is going to be sooooo mad.”
Selene couldn’t help but laugh at the comment.
“You can’t tell her, though.”
“I know,” Bell smiled, “so… that’s what’s been going on.”
Selene nodded.
“You could have told me.”
“I didn’t want to,” Selene replied honestly, “I didn’t even want to say it out loud to myself.”
“I think,” Bell said softly. Then, once again, took Selene’s hand in hers. “I can understand that.”
They sat quietly for a moment before Bell suddenly gasped.
“Oh shit!” she said. “No freaking wonder you ended up with mating sickness! Geez! With both of them here at the full moon! You’re like a mate lightning rod!”
Selene laughed again, so hard it hurt. But it felt good, needed even. So after a few more jokes at her expense, Selene and Bell were left smiling at each other.
Bell tilted her head, giving Selene a comforting look and squeezing her hand.
“What happened in the dream?” she asked.
Selene swallowed hard as she felt the tingling in her face, the heat in her eyes, the weight in the pit of her stomach. Her throat tightened; she closed her eyes before the tears could blur her vision.
“He killed me.”
Bell gasped.
Selene nodded her head, her eyes still shut.
“He shoved a hunting knife into my heart.”
Silence filled the room. Bell squeezed Selene’s hand once more.
“It was just a nightmare.”
Selene opened her eyes, turning to Bell.
“You said…” Selene began.
“I was wrong.”
Selene didn’t understand why Bell had changed her opinion. But she couldn’t help but feel a sense of hope that she was right.
***
Bell had remained with Selene for another twenty minutes, trying to ease her mind and lighten the mood. She had left when Selene had started to drift back to sleep.
After making her rounds, Bell headed back to her office. She had been awake for almost twenty-four hours. One of the nurses had been thoughtful enough to make up a cot in her office. Now she finally felt comfortable enough with Selene’s progress to take advantage of that kindness.
She entered the room and immediately closed the door behind her.
“What happened to her?” a voice in the dark asked.
Bell felt a rush of fear throughout her entire body. She quickly reached out and turned on the light. Shocked to find Alpha Alexander sitting in the chair beside her bookcase.
“Damn it!” Bell cried out.
She reached a hand to her chest, where her heart was beating so forcefully it felt as though it would break through her ribcage.









Chapter 89 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
“You scared me!” she shouted.
“Please,” he said. His voice was desperate. “What happened to Selene?”
Bell looked up at him, viewing him carefully this time.
His eyes were red-rimmed, his skin was pale. Dark circles beneath his eyes.


“What happened to you?” she asked softly, taking a step towards him.
“It happened last night.” A second voice said from behind her.
Bell jumped again, this time throwing herself against her desk. She looked up to see Galen leaning against the wall.
“What the hell is wrong with you people!” she screamed angrily.
“Sorry!” Galen replied quickly. He reached forward when she hit the desk, but he stopped himself from touching her. “I didn’t mean to– sorry.”
Bell looked at him but turned away when she saw the look in his eyes. She couldn’t face him yet.
“What happened to Selene?” Alexander pleaded again.
Bell refocused her attention on Alexander. She moved beside him to take a closer look at his condition. He looked exhausted and weak. She put the back of her hand to his head.
‘When did they become so close?’ Galen wondered to himself.
He cleared his throat loudly. Drawing both of their eyes towards him.
“Like I said, this,” Galen said, directing his chin towards Alexander, “happened last night.”
“Can you tell me what happened?” Bell asked softly, turning once more to Alexander.
Hearing the tenderness in her voice, Galen clenched his jaw.
“We were settled in our tent,” Alexander began, “after debating letting our wolves run. We had agreed that it would probably be best to refrain. Especially considering Galen had heard that there was a batch of new wolves having their first hunt together, I didn’t want to cause any problems.”
“Yes,” Bell answered, nodding as she spoke. “Luna Corrine took them out.”


“We were talking, simply sharing stories,” Alexander continued. “Suddenly, I felt an increasing sting on my arm, as though I had been cut. There was no wound, no mark, just incredible pain. It burned down the length of my arm and back up into my shoulder.”
Alexander reached his hand up to his shoulder at the memory. The white-hot pain had come over him, so suddenly the night before that he had almost thrown up.
“I couldn’t think, move, breathe. It felt like I was trapped with only this pain in me. My lungs burned, my entire body seized up, and then….” Alexander trailed off.
Bell stared at him, waiting for him to finish, but no words came out.
“And then the pain reached his heart,” Galen finished.
Bell turned to Galen; her brows furrowed in confusion.
“He clutched his chest, then looked up at me with a terror in his eyes I had never seen before,” Galen stated. Recalling the panic he had felt as he watched his friend suffer. “There was sweat on his brow, and all the color faded from him. All he said was her name before his heart stopped.”
“What?!” Bell shouted. Turning back to Alexander, she grabbed his wrist to feel his pulse. It was steady but weak.
She took a step back from him. Then, finding her desk, she let her body rest against it as everything that had been shared settled over her.
“I performed CPR,” Galen continued, “after he revived, I forced him to shift. He was too weak to run off and try to find her, but I knew his healing would be faster in his wolf form. He stirred but didn’t really come to full consciousness until this morning. He demanded we come see Selene.”
Bell lifted her eyes once more to Alexander.
“It really is true…” she said softly, “I didn’t doubt her… but I guess I didn’t totally believe it either.”
Alexander turned to look at Bell with surprise.
“She told you?” he asked.
Bell nodded. Alexander smiled weakly.
“You asked me not to tell you, but after what I felt last night… I needed to know that she was ok,” he said. “I’m glad she already told you.”
“I’m glad someone else finally knows….” Galen sighed.
Bell rolled her eyes at Galen.
“What happened to her?” he asked.
“Her heart stopped, too,” Bell replied softly.
Alexander jumped up from his chair, stumbling as he did so. Galen was at his side in a moment and pushed him back down into his chair.
“What are you going to do? Fight her heart?! Sit down before you hurt yourself!” Galen shouted.
“She is ok now,” Bell said, looking at Alexander, “we don’t know exactly what happened. I am running some tests. But honestly, I don’t have a clue.”
“What kinds of tests?” Galen asked.
“Bloodwork, looking for abnormalities, allergens, spikes of white cells. A fishing expedition, really,” Bell replied, “I’m just not really sure what to look for.”
“Hmm…” Galen said, thinking, “do you have previous labs in her records? Baselines?”
“Of course.”
“If it’s alright with you, I could forward the information to Summer,” Galen offered. “With the technology we have, it would be far easier for us to find subtle differences in her system.”
Bell thought about it. She knew that Alpha Wyatt would not like this. But her interest was in finding out what happened to Selene and preventing it from ever happening again.
“Ok, but let’s keep this between us,” she said.
Galen nodded.
“As for him,’ she said, indicating Alexander.
“He’ll be fine.”
“Oh? I didn’t realize you were a doctor now,” Bell said, raising an eyebrow to Galen.
“I’m not,” Galen chuckled. “I just meant that the last time this happened, he recovered fully within a few hours.”
“This has happened before?”
“Yea,” Galen replied nonchalantly. “When Selene was poisoned with the wolfsbane.”
“He felt that too?” Bell asked, “But he was nowhere near her!”
Galen shrugged.
“Just like last night, it started with pain in his arm, then through his body. He got deathly sick for a long time,” he said. “But within a couple hours, he was fine. Had no problem leading the charge against the first wave of rogue wolves.”
“Interesting,” Bell replied, then moved to her computer. “I will forward you Selene’s record now. Let me know as soon as you know something.”
“Alright, I’m going to make a call. Let them know what we need,” Galen said, pulling his phone out. He turned to Alexander before stepping out of the room. “Stay still!”
Bell giggled as the door closed.
“He trusts you.”
Bell looked up; Alexander’s eyes were locked on her.
“Otherwise, he would have realized what he just did,” he said.
“I don’t know what you mean,” Bell replied, looking away from him.
“The attacks. Galen told you something you didn’t know.”
“No, he said something that allowed me to figure out something I didn’t know. It was all just conjecture until you confirmed it,” Bell smiled, “And I was trying hard to pretend I didn’t hear it too.”
Alexander laughed.
“I already suspected there was something strange in those first attacks,” Bell said honestly. “The way Galen was looking for information on the wolfsbane, and frankly the way the reports we received were written. It was odd.”
“Will you keep this to yourself?” Alexander asked.
Bell thought for a moment. Then, finally, she got out of her chair and walked back to the front of her desk.
“Depends,” she said, crossing her arms. “Will you tell me the truth about what happened?”
“We don’t know that yet.”
“But when you do.”
Alexander squinted his eyes at her. Thinking, wondering.









Chapter 90 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
“Will you believe me?”
“No reason not to,” she smiled.
“Can I trust you?” Alexander asked.
Bell’s smile turned into a giggle. “No reason not to.”


“I suppose that’s true.” Alexander laughed. “Deal.”
Alexander offered his hand; Bell smiled and took it, laughing as she shook it.
The door opened, and Galen stepped inside.
“Everything has been…” he started to speak, his words trailing off as his eyes were drawn down to their connected hands.
Bell was the first to react, pulling her hand back and moving behind the desk to sit at her computer.
“Did you get everything taken care of?” Alexander asked.
“Yes, my Alpha,” Galen replied, his eyes drifting to Bell.
Alexander glanced over at Bell then back to Galen.
“We should go….” Alexander said, turning to Bell. “We will let you know when we hear anything about Selene’s results. Please do the same.”
“I will,” she said, typing away without even a glance up.
Alexander walked past Galen, leaving the room. Galen’s eyes lingered on Bell a moment longer. Before he turned and walked out.
Bell let out a deep breath after she was sure they were gone. Then, trying hard to avoid thinking of the one her mind naturally drifted to, she focused on her newfound information.
“Selene and Alpha Alexander, mates? Crazy…” Bell laughed to herself.
She turned to the computer when part of the conversation suddenly struck her.
‘This has happened before?’


‘Yea, when Selene was poisoned with the wolfsbane.’
Alpha Alexander had felt Selene’s illness and pain miles and miles away.. So, if he was her mate, it made sense. But if he was not her only mate… why hadn’t Jackson felt anything?
The morning after they had met in her office Bell had sent a message to Alexander letting him know that Selene was being discharged from the hospital.
“I’m just curious,” Galen said, crossing his arms over his chest. “I mean, isn’t it normal to reach out to the Beta to get a message to the Alpha? It’s not like you two are close, right?”
“I don’t know, Galen. Why don’t you ask her?” Alexander sighed.
Ever since Galen had found out that Bell sent Alexander a message, he had brought the subject up in many different ‘subtle’ ways.
“Oh, that’s a good idea. Why didn’t I think of that?” Galen asked with sarcastic enthusiasm. Then, reaching for his phone, he suddenly stopped and snapped his fingers. “Oh, that’s right, she doesn’t answer my messages!”
Alexander did his best to suppress the laughter he felt rising in him. He had never once seen Galen show interest in a woman, and now it seemed he was pretty far gone.
There was a knock at the door.
“Maybe that’s a message for you now,” Alexander smiled.
Galen threw a shirt at him before leaving to answer the door.
Alexander poured himself a glass of water while waiting for Galen to return. He took a drink and looked up as Galen entered the room again. A strange look on his face.
“What is it?” Alexander asked, concerned.
“The message wasn’t for me,” Galen said, extending his hand with a letter in it.
Alexander took the note and read it. His initial reaction was disbelief, shock, confusion, finally landing on anger.
“What the hell is this!” Alexander shouted. “Where did it come from?!”
“It was sent directly from Alpha Wyatt,” Galen replied with a deep sigh.
Alexander’s only response was a low growl and a snarl before leaving the building.
***
“You can’t just–!” a voice was interrupted by a loud crash.
Axel jumped up from his place on the couch. Alpha Wyatt did not move as the door burst open.
“What the hell are you doing!” Axel shouted at Alexander, who stood huffing in the doorway, snarling in Alpha Wyatt’s direction.
“What is this!” Alexander shouted, walking into the room and slamming the note down on the table in front of Wyatt.
“Show some respect!” Axel snarled at Alexander.
“Respect is earned!” Alexander snarled back.
The two men held each other’s glares, growling angrily.
“Axel, you can go now,” Wyatt stated.
“But I–“ Axel turned to his father, objecting.
“It wasn’t a request,” Wyatt stated, looking his son in the eye.
Begrudgingly Axel bowed his head slightly.
“Yes, my Alpha.”
Axel turned to leave, casting a glare and low growl in Alexander’s direction.
“Go!” Wyatt shouted.
Alexander observed Wyatt as he waited for Axel to leave the room. Finally, after the door had shut, Wyatt looked up at Alexander.
“I expect you to show me respect while you are in my territory,” Wyatt growled.
“As I said,” Alexander replied, “respect is earned.”
Wyatt and Alexander stared at each other, neither willing to look away.
“Selene is an unmarried woman with a mate. It is inappropriate for her to be spending so much time alone with an unmated wolf.”
“It didn’t seem to be an issue when I trained her in Summer,” Alexander countered.
“There have been concerns raised that were not considered before,” Wyatt answered. Then, standing from his chair, he moved a set of papers to his desk.
“What does that mean?” Alexander asked, holding back his anger.
“I didn’t have all of the information when we made this arrangement.”
“What information?” Alexander asked. His irritation only rose with each comment.
“The shameless way you and your wolves have been raised,” Wyatt spat.
“Be careful, Alpha Wyatt. I might think you are insulting my parents,” Alexander growled.
“It is because of your parents that I didn’t heed the concerns before!” Wyatt shouted, his anger masking a deep sadness. “I don’t know where you got your morals from, but based on what I have seen, your beta shares them.”
“What the hell is that supposed to mean!” Alexander shouted.
“It means that you and your wolf have been playing around with someone precious to me!” Wyatt shouted, turning to face Alexander once more. “That child has been through enough in her life. She doesn’t need two wolves sniffing around her like a piece of meat.”
Confused at first, it finally clicked who Wyatt was talking about. Unfortunately, the revelation only served to fuel Alexander’s anger.
“Your words are insulting. Not just to Galen and me, but to Bell as well!” he shouted. “You claim she is precious to you while in the same breath you cheapen her character!”
“How dare you!” Wyatt snarled.
“Galen nor I have done anything dishonorable towards Bell, and she is someone I respect and consider a friend. I won’t let you imply anything different,” Alexander stated firmly. “She is a strong and beautiful woman with whom Galen has found a connection. If they wish to pursue that connection, that is between them!”
“It does her no good to be confused by the two of you. If you truly care for her as you claim, then you will stay away from her,” Wyatt demanded. “That is what is in her best interest!”
“As I said, it is between them,” Alexander said, “I am only here to discuss our agreement.”
“And I will honor that agreement,” Wyatt stated. “But not with my daughter.”
Alexander growled.
“Don’t test me, boy!” Wyatt shouted at Alexander.









Chapter 91 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
“I am no boy!” Alexander shouted back, his tone reverberating in the room.
“No!” Wyatt howled back, “when you were a boy, you knew how to show respect!”
“That boy lost all respect for you when you betrayed him,” Alexander chuckled bitterly, “and his father.”
The two men stared angrily at each other.


“I will not allow my daughter to grow any closer to you!” Wyatt shouted.
Alexander was surprised, not at Wyatt’s reaction or even his words. No, he was surprised by the pain he felt from them.
“That’s not really up to you, is it?” Alexander said coldly.
Wyatt snarled and grabbed the chair that sat between them. He threw it against the wall with a force that shattered the arms and legs, sending splinters of wood all over the room.
Silence passed between them as Wyatt huffed furiously.
Alexander took a deep breath. He cleared himself of the child that had worshipped Alpha Wyatt. He let go of the man that loved Selene. Focusing only on the man he needed to be here. The Alpha of Summer.
“When we made this agreement,” Alexander spoke calmly, “we agreed that our people would accept no less.”
Wyatt did not answer, but his eyes told Alexander he heard him.
“I have honored my end. I personally trained Selene. I, the Alpha of Summer, in front of all my people, devoted two weeks to a Winter wolf.”
Alexander took a step closer to Wyatt.
“Now I have come to Winter, while my people still mourn the losses of our last battles, to honor our commitment to this exchange.”
Wyatt’s eyes closed, and he took a deep breath.
“I have returned to be insulted and to find my Beta injured by one of your people. But, even still, you now expect me to willingly accept less.”
Alexander took another step closer to Wyatt. They now stood only inches apart from each other. Wyatt kept his eyes closed. His jaw was clenched, his nose wrinkled, and his brows crumpled together as he listened to the words that Alexander spoke.
“I don’t care if she is your daughter or who she chooses to be with. Is Selene your best Berserker or not?”


Wyatt once again took a deep breath. Then, he opened his eyes and looked directly at Alexander.
“Yes.”
“Then regardless of this conversation or any other words you or anyone else may have whispered into her ear. She is duty-bound to train me. And if you have any shred of honor left in you, you won’t stand in her way. Keep your word,” Alexander turned away from Wyatt. He added, “This time.”
Without another word, Alexander left the room.
Wyatt slumped down on the couch. Dropping his head into one of his hands while the other reached up to his throat, grabbing hold of that precious item just underneath his shirt.
“The closer they get to you…” he whispered sadly, “the more danger they’re in.”
Selene struggled over the events of the past several days. Time was jumbled together in overlapping images and disconnected memories. Each moment entangled with another until she could hardly tell them apart.
What was real? What had she imagined?
Bell had told her repeatedly that the sickness had altered her moods, memories, even her reasoning. What she did or said while it was happening wasn’t her fault.
Yet, the things Selene could remember concerned her. There was an image of Galen on the ground, his eyes pained. Blood on his hand.
Alexander had made her pulse race; she had stood in the cold desperately waiting for him. Her mind had been consumed with fear that he would blame her for Galen’s injury.
And then he stabbed her in the heart.
“No…” Selene whispered to herself, shaking her head. “That wasn’t real.”
She got up from her bed and went to the bathroom. First, splashing cold water on her face to help her focus. Then, looking into her own eyes in the mirror, she tried to get her thoughts straight.
“My heart stopped,” she said quietly, “real.”
“I was… stabbed… in the heart, not real.” Even knowing it was a dream, the words were hard to say. And the fear Selene had felt was still very genuine.
Jackson flashed in her mind, looking up at her, his face covered in bruises in the hospital room.
“Real,” she said sadly.
‘I swear, Selene, I thought it was a practice arrow! I just meant to surprise him, to hit him and make him lose focus long enough that I could get away. I didn’t mean to hurt him! Not really.’ Jackson’s words, and the tears he had shed with them, entered her mind.
“Real?” she said, unsure of why it was a question.
A warmth stirred in her body, a memory floating to the surface.
‘I’m here with you, Selene,’ Alexander whispered softly against her throat, his warm breath tickling her nerves and sending another burst of pleasure that reached down to her toes.
His mouth pressed delicate kisses behind her ear and trailed down the nape of her neck, drawing forth small gasps and moans of delight from her.
She inhaled sharply, gripping the counter tightly as her knees grew weak from the ripples of warmth that traveled the length of her body.
“Not… real…” she whispered heavily, her eyes closed.
Once more, Selene splashed water on her face to regain her senses.
“This isn’t getting me anywhere,” she growled to herself.
Sitting in her room and picking apart every memory or image that found its way into her thoughts was pointless. And it angered her. She needed to breathe.
Selene quickly changed into her sparring gear. At this time of the day, there was bound to be someone on the training grounds. Therefore, she needed a sparring session.
The cold air on the way to the training grounds had been refreshing. The breeze felt like tiny needles crashing into her skin, each painful prick waking her a little bit more from the frazzled state of her mind.
She arrived at the training grounds in time to see the younger wolves finishing up their session.
Her mind traveled back in time to what felt like a lifetime ago, though in truth, it was only a few years. To all the training, the extra sessions, the broken bones. When her classmates would run freely through the forest, she would be here, training.
Selene had trained harder than most other wolves. Her time on the mountainside in the blizzard had emblazoned a harsh reality on her soul. Only the strong survive.
From the moment she returned, she had spent all her time training. Struggling to be the strongest, the best.
The rabbit that had saved her life, nourishment to make it down the mountainside. All these years, she had believed it was a sign, a message from the Goddess. The weak rabbit had died in the blizzard, while Selene, the wolf, had survived.
Barely.
That was the foundation of her entire mindset as a Cold Warrior, as a Berserker. To shed her weakness. To never again feel the looming presence of death waiting for her in the shadow of her failures. But, instead, to take it by the throat and choose to live. Just like she had the rabbit.
But she knew the truth now.
The rabbit hadn’t been a message from the Goddess about the strength of survival. Instead, it was a gift from Alexander. The boy that had feared the wolf but fed it anyway.
‘I didn’t save myself that day. The Goddess didn’t save me…’ she thought to herself, ‘Alexander did, and he doesn’t even know it.’
“Selene,” a recognizable voice called to her.
Selene turned to find Saul behind her. They silently greeted each other.
“What are you doing here?” Selene asked, “Aren’t you still on leave?”
“I was,” he said, “but I am the next ranked Berserker after you.”
Selene stared back at him with confusion.
“So?” she said.
“So, I am the logical choice to replace you,” he answered.
“Replace me?” Selene asked, unsure what he meant. She wondered if she had forgotten something. “For what?”
“Training Alpha Alexander.”
Selene took a step back, surprised, confused.
“What?”
Now it was Saul who seemed confused.
“I received orders from Alpha Wyatt last night,” Saul replied, “I am to take your place in training Alpha Alexander as a Berserker.”
“But I have the highest ranking.”
“Yes, I know.”
“The agreement between our people was that Alpha Alexander being their strongest warrior, would train me. Which he did,” Selene stated. “And our highest ranked Berserker is meant to train him.”
“Yes, I know,” Saul sighed.









Chapter 92 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
“I have the highest ranking.”
Saul did not answer, only raising his eyebrow.
“I don’t understand.”
Selene crossed her arms, irritated and angry.


“I do not know why the assignment was given to me, only that it was,” Saul answered.
Saul moved toward the training grounds. He stopped just after passing by her. He took a breath and then turned back to her.
“If I were to guess,” he said, perking Selene’s interest. “I might say that perhaps Jackson’s actions and your connection to him has created a situation that Alpha Wyatt feels could become a problem.”
“Jackson’s actions?” Selene questioned. Immediately feeling irritated by his choice of words.
Saul nodded.
“I don’t know what you heard, but Jackson was the victim! Galen attacked him without cause!” Selene shouted defensively.
Saul looked down at her. He wanted to simply walk away, didn’t care to get involved, just as he hadn’t wanted to speak with Jackson that night. But he couldn’t. Not when good people were being falsely accused.
“You are wrong.”
“What?” Selene was surprised. She had expected him to walk away. Maybe a grunt in response at most.
“I don’t know what you have heard,” Saul stated. “But you are wrong if you believe that Galen was unprovoked or that Jackson was a victim.”
“No, Jackson told me–”
“What he wanted you to hear,” Saul interrupted, now feeling irritated.
Saul moved closer to Selene. He stood before her and tried to show her that he had no motives, only the truth through his words and actions.
“I was at the training grounds that night. I came to speak with him about some of the men in his command and their behavior.”
“Yes, he told me.”


“Did he?” Saul questioned, “did he tell you his response?”
Selene didn’t understand, “he told you he would talk to the men about the problem.”
“No,” Saul said flatly.
“Maybe you misunderstood–”
“There is no misunderstanding,” Saul said, no longer trying to control his irritation. “Not only did Jackson not care about the poor behavior of his men, but he also encouraged it.”
“That’s not possible,” Selene shook her head, feeling her breakfast turning in her stomach.
“I saw Beta Galen approaching as our conversation was getting inappropriate,” Saul continued. “I gave Jackson another opportunity to show any kind of respect to anyone. Instead, he chose to insult Alpha Alexander and make his true character known to me.”
“How did he insult Alexander?” she asked unintentionally.
“He said that Alpha Alexander was ‘another wolf that needs to learn not to touch what doesn’t belong to him,” Saul let out a disgusted grunt. “I knew that Beta Galen heard his words. I knew what would come next. So, I warned Jackson he would receive a lesson in respect before I walked away.”
Selene brought her hand to her mouth, feeling sick. Everything Jackson had told her about that night was a twisted lie. She had believed him; she had thrown accusations at Galen without a thought. Hurt him, hurt Alexander.
For nothing.
‘Where is she?!’ he screamed in his mind.
“Have you seen Selene?” he asked one of the young wolves leaving the training grounds.
“No, sorry,” the boy replied as he walked past.
He smiled and gave his thanks. A slow-burning rage building inside of him.
‘Is she with him?’ he wondered.
“Jackson!” her voice called to him, sending a swell of relief over him.
He turned to look toward her. A charming smile was already displayed proudly on his face.
“Selene! I have been looking for–” Jackson called to her as she approached, only to have his words cut off by the force of her hand slapping his face.
“You lied to me!” she screamed at him.
Jackson was stunned. He hadn’t expected this, ever. He reached his hand to his lower lip, still feeling the sting.
“Why?” she asked, breathing heavily. “Why would you lie?”
“You hit me…” he said. He pulled his thumb away from his mouth, surprised to see a spot of blood.
“You lied.”
Selene crossed her arms over her chest. Her jaw was clenched, her brows knitted together angrily.
Jackson knew how angry she was, clearly, but he couldn’t help but think about how attracted he was to her at this moment. He ran his tongue over his lip, tasting the blood from where it had been split by her slap. He held back his smile.
“What are you talking about?” he asked as though he were shocked by her outburst. Of course, he didn’t know what she was angry about, but the fact was he had lied about so many things lately that he didn’t know where to begin.
“You told me Galen attacked you,” she said.
“He did!” he defended quickly. That was at least true.
“Unprovoked?” she asked.
“I have no idea why he attacked me!” he cried out. Again, he did not know the reason for the attack, at least not which thing he had been the final trigger that set Galen off.
“You said that he warned you to stay away from me,” she took a step closer to him now, “that you were ‘touching what didn’t belong to you’, that he was teaching you a lesson in respect.”
Jackson stared back at Selene; he could see that she knew the truth in her eyes.
‘Saul…you bastard!’ he thought to himself angrily.
He took a deep breath and let it back out.
“You’re right,” he sighed, “I lied.”
Selene’s expression fell from a rage-filled manifestation of hostility to one of pained sadness. She dropped down into a squatting position as though she had lost the strength to stand. She lay her head on her arms, now crossed over her knees.
“Why?” she asked into her knees. Her voice was muffled, but the sadness in it was still audible.
Jackson squatted down in front of her, putting his hands on her elbows. He was unsure if she would let him touch her. But she did.
‘She’s mad, but she wants to forgive me,’ He smiled to himself.
“Selene… I’m sorry,” he whispered dejectedly. “I don’t have any good explanations or even real reasons. I’m an idiot.”
Selene sniffled; she was crying.
“Baby…” he whispered, leaning forward so he could kiss the top of her head. “Baby, don’t cry… please. I’m an idiot. I messed up. Please, it hurts me so much to hear you cry.”
She wiped her eyes on her arms. Trying to regain some control over her emotions.
“Why did you tell me that he attacked you? Why did you say that he did it for Alexander?” Selene asked.
Jackson let out a low growl.
Selene lifted her eyes. He still squatted before her, but his eyes were looking up, and his jaw was clenched tight. He was angry.
“Jackson?” She called his name.
He squeezed his jaw again and cast his eyes down.
He took a moment, alternating between clenching his jaw and turning his eyes somewhere else. Finally, after a deep breath, he spoke. His resentment seeped into his tone.
“You call his name so easily,” he said bitterly, “Alexander. It just rolls off your tongue as though you have practiced it over and over in your dreams.”
“Jackson…” she called, moving her hand out toward him.
“Nah, not that one. That takes a little work. But, like you have to think about it, remember it,” Jackson spoke cynically, standing up and avoiding her touch. “His name, it’s always there, ready to roll off your tongue. But mine, forgettable.”
He turned away from her.
“You asked why I said that Galen attacked me for Alexander, why I lied about the reason he attacked me… that’s why,” he said quietly. “Because I’m afraid that you’ve already forgotten me.”
His voice was shaking, pain-filled. Selene’s heart ached.
Selene stood up, forgetting about her anger, her frustration, the concern she had felt at how easy his lies were for him to say.









Chapter 93 – Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online (Alpha Alexander & Selene):
Filed to story: Fated to My Forbidden Alpha Novel Free Online
“Jackson,” she called to him again. Once more, she reached a hand to him, touching his shoulder. But he pulled away.
His shoulders slumped forward, and she could hear that he was crying. Selene quickly moved around him. When she saw his face, his tear-stained face, her heart was gripped tightly. Her dream floated to the surface of her mind again.
Jackson’s pained expression as she had pulled away from him, his eyes begging her to stay with him. To let him keep her safe from the dangers, she didn’t know about. From Alexander. Just before Alexander killed her.
Selene closed her eyes, shoving away the dream and focusing on reality. She put her hands on either side of his face.


“Jackson,” she said, trying to get him to look at her. “Baby, please look at me.”
He lifted his gaze slowly, his pale blue eyes glistening with wetness. Selene smiled softly at him as her eyes were filled once more with tears.
“I could never forget you, Jackson. Never.”
Jackson pulled her tightly to his chest, holding her as though she would disappear if he didn’t keep her as close to him as possible.
“I’m sorry…” he whispered again. “I just wanted to create some distance between you, that’s all.”
“Ssshhh…” Selene cooed, running her fingers through his hair, comforting him.
“I swear, I didn’t mean to hurt you or anyone,” he said sadly, pulling away just enough so they could face each other. “I didn’t attack him, and I didn’t know about the arrow, really. But, I wasn’t lying about being scared for my life. I truly thought I might never see you again.”
He ran his thumb over her lower lip.
“I would do anything to get back to you, Selene, anything.”
Selene looked into his eyes and knew he meant it.
“I understand,” she smiled at him. Then, reaching her hand behind his head, she pulled him down towards her, kissing him gently.
She wrapped her arms around him and held him close.
Selene didn’t like that he had lied. But he had no way of knowing how she would react, that she would blame Galen the way she had. Jackson had made a mistake, but he was admitting it. So
Selene needed to admit her mistakes as well.
Jackson held her and kissed her head softly.. Then, while whispering ungrateful words of thanks and empty apologies, he smiled to himself, much too wide.


They held hands and walked close as Jackson praised Selene for how understanding she had been. She smiled and listened.
Though she couldn’t help but feel like nothing had truly been resolved. Jackson had apologized. He had tried to explain. Yet, when she thought for more than a moment about what had been said, she felt uneasy.
Selene had tried, several times, to ask a question about his reasoning. She had tried to clarify what he had told her previously to what she knew now. Each time Jackson would get so upset he couldn’t stop apologizing. He would tell her how worried he had been, and she would comfort him.
But she couldn’t remember getting an actual answer.
Selene wondered if she should try again. She looked up at Jackson as they walked. The sun was shining brightly through the trees above them, highlighting him in a dazzling aura of warmth. She smiled and looked away, chiding herself for suspecting him. Pushing her concerns back to the recesses of her mind.
In the distance, she could see the training grounds coming back into view. Their brief walk through the woods was coming to an end. She sighed sadly.
“What are you thinking so hard about?” Jackson asked, a smile in his voice.
“Just that I was enjoying my time with you,” she smiled back.
“Why does that sound past tense?” he asked. “I’m free for you all day.”
She laughed, “but I am not. I need to get to the training grounds.”
“For what?” Jackson’s voice was steady, a well-practiced control of his tone.
“Today is my first day of training with Alpha Alexander,” Selene replied.
“Isn’t Saul doing that now?” Jackson asked, clenching his jaw.
Selene looked back up at him. He smiled, his warmth pouring into her. But for just a moment, she thought she saw a flicker of something else. Something dark, angry.
“It is my responsibility, my assignment,” Selene stated. “If Saul takes my place, Winter has broken their word.”
“Wasn’t it Alpha Wyatt that changed the assignment?” Jackson asked. “Isn’t his word, Winter’s word?”
Selene stopped walking. She turned to face Jackson.
“I’m not sure why my father asked Saul to train Alpha Alexander, but it was obviously a mistake,” she answered, looking at him carefully. “The agreement that was made stipulated the top-ranked Berserker would train Alpha Alexander. So unless Saul challenges me and wins, that is still my role.”
Jackson blinked and then laughed. “I’m sorry, I wasn’t trying to make you angry. I understand. I just thought it had changed. That was all.”
Selene furrowed her brows. “How did you even know about it?”
“I must have heard it on the training grounds earlier.”
“Saul said he was only asked last night…” she questioned.
Jackson shrugged his shoulders. “Gossip gets around.”
Selene felt more he wasn’t saying, but they had argued enough today. She let it go.
“Still,” he said, “wouldn’t you rather spend the day with me?”
Jackson squeezed her hand playfully. Selene looked up at him and smiled brightly.
“How could I not?”
“Then play hooky,” he offered, a devilish grin on his face, “you just got out of the hospital. They’ll understand if you put it off another day.”
Selene laughed; Jackson’s playful voice was comforting. Reminding her of all the time they shared together before her life got so complicated. It was a tempting offer.
“I wish I could,” she sighed. Jackson looked away. “It has already been put off so many times. I can’t be selfish.”
Jackson stared out into the trees, Selene knew he was disappointed, but she couldn’t skip out on her duties to play. Deep down, he knew and understood that. She was sure of it.
Selene looked up; the sun was already high in the sky. She was running late. But, she still needed to warm up before Alexander arrived.
Standing on her tiptoes, she turned and kissed Jackson’s cheek.
“I have to go,” she smiled. Selene took a step forward, almost stumbling as his hand pulled her back.
He wrapped his arms around her, hugging her from behind, and set his chin on her shoulder.
“Why are you in such a rush,” he said sweetly into her ear, “not even a proper goodbye.”
Selene laughed.
“I feel like we haven’t had much quality time together lately,” he said.
“What do you mean?” she asked, remembering all the time they had spent together in the past few weeks since she returned from Summer.
“I miss you,” he whispered against her throat, kissing her softly.
Selene closed her eyes, feeling the warmth of his lips against her sensitive throat. It felt good, his touch, his kiss. It was comforting.
But she needed to go. Alexander would be waiting.
Selene leaned away from him, turning to look him in the eyes.
“I need to go warm up before training,” she said honestly.
“Oh,” he said with a smirk, “is that it?”
Jackson lifted his chin and spun her around to face him; he placed his hands firmly on her hips and gave her a mischievous grin. Then, turning her once more, he backed her up until she was pressed lightly against a tree. He leaned in close.
“I can warm you up,” he whispered, hovering just above her mouth.
Without giving her a chance to respond, his mouth covered hers in a rough but fervent kiss. His mouth opened just enough for his teeth to graze her bottom lip, sending an exhilarating shudder over her.
She moaned softly against his mouth. His tongue begged entrance, and she allowed him without hesitation. Their tongues tangled together, tasting each other, and fighting for dominance.
Selene felt her body heating up, pleasure rolling over her as her heart pumped faster and faster. Then, when the need for air overtook them, she pulled away, gasping. Jackson’s greedy eyes flashed at her with an intensity that excited her.
Jackson smiled to himself as he sensed her enthusiasm building.
Barely taking a breath, he began to trail kisses down her throat, dragging gasps and soft moans from her.
As his mouth danced along her collar bone, she drew a ragged breath. The feeling of his soft lips against the tender flesh sent flows of pleasure down to her very core, pulling out of her a desperate whimper as his mouth moved away.
The embarrassing sound that had escaped her lips woke her from her stupor long enough to realize that they were in an open area. Anyone could walk along this path at any moment.
“Jacka–ah…” she tried to speak, interrupted by a soft moan as Jackson’s warm tongue ran over her collarbone once more.
Selene bit her bottom lip; as much as she enjoyed these activities, she knew they needed to stop.
Jackson squeezed her hips tightly as he pushed himself against her.
She gasped.
“Jackson…” she gasped out. “Jackson, we need to stop.”
He did not respond to her words. Instead, he ground himself even more assertively against her, pinning her to the tree with his lower half. An unmistakable hardness rubbed against her through the thin fabric of their clothing.
Selene’s back arched reflexively as she felt him, all of him.. An aching pleasure spread within her like wildfire.









